dr. goldberg offers everything  i look for in  a general practitioner. he s nice and easy to talk to without being patronizing; he s always on time in seeing his patients; he s affiliated with  a top-notch hospital  nyu  which my parents have explained to me is very important in case something happens and you need surgery; and you can get referrals to se specialists without having to se him first. really  what more do you need  i m sitting here trying to think of any complaints  i have about him  but i m really drawing  a blank. 
Unfortunately  the frustration of being Dr. Goldberg s patient is  a repeat of the experience I ve had with so many other doctors in NYC - good doctor  terrible staff. It seems that his staf simply never answers the phone. It usually takes  2 hours of repeated calling to get an answer.    I have run into this problem with many other doctors and  I just don t get it. You have office workers  you have patients with medical needs  why isn t anyone answering the phone  It s incomprehensible and not work the aggravation. It s with regret that  I feel that  I have to give Dr. Goldberg  2 stars. 
 I don t know what Dr. Goldberg was like before moving to Arizona  but let me tel you  STAY AWAY from this doctor and this office.  I was going to Dr. Johnson before he left and Goldberg took over when Johnson left. He is not  a caring doctor. He is only interested in the co-pay and having you come in for medication refills every month. He wil not give refills and could les about patients s financial situations. Trying to get your 90 days mail away pharmacy prescriptions through this guy is  a joke. And to make matters even worse  his office staf is incompetent. 90  of the time when you cal the office  they l put you through to  a voice mail  that NO ONE ever answers or returns your call. Both my adult children and husband have decided to leave this practice after experiencing such frustration. The entire office has an attitude like they are doing you  a favor. Give me  a break  Stay away from this doc and the practice. You deserve better and they wil not be there when you really need them.  I have never felt compelled to write  a bad review about anyone until  I met this pathetic excuse for  a doctor who is al about the money. 
Dr. Eric Goldberg is  a fantastic doctor who has correctly diagnosed every issue that my wife and  I have had. Unlike many of my past doctors  Dr. Goldberg is very accessible and we have been able to schedule appointments with him and his staf very quickly. We are happy to have him in the neighborhood and look forward to being his patients for many years to come. 
We checked this place out this past Monday for their wing night. We have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out. Their wings are whole wings and crispy  which is  a nice change of pace.  I got their wet Cajun sauce and garlic butter wings. The Cajun did not have  a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is to thin. The sauce was also thin for the garlic butter  but that is more expected. They were better than average  but  I don t like seeing al the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat.  I would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu  but this wil probably not become  a regular stop for wings anytime soon. 
Owning  a driving range inside the city limits is like  a license to print money.  I don t think  I ask much out of  a driving range. Decent mats  clean balls and accessible hours. Hel you need even les people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls. This place has none of them. It is april and there are no gras tees yet. BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for  a month. The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene s house. Worn and thread bare. Let s talk about the hours. This place is equipped with lights yet they only sel buckets of balls until 730. It is stil light out. Finally lets you have the pit to hit into. When  I arrived  I wasn t sure if this was  a driving range or an excavation site for  a mastodon or  a strip mining operation. There is no gras on the range. Just mud. Makes it  a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball. Oh  they are cash only also.\n\nBottom line  this place sucks. The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh. 
Good beer selection. Understaffed for  a light Monday night crowd  it wasn t her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I ve ever had. 
Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben s and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us  3.0 for the coleslaw. We wil not be back  . The iced tea is also terrible tasting. 
Used to go there for tires  brakes  etc. Their prices have gone way up- 40 for  4 mid-level tires for  a Toyota. Plus   1 of the new tires went flat within  3 weeks. Since they don\"t make appointments  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours. Sorry--can t wait that long to get  a warranted repair  They lost my busines for good. 
Last summer  I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait  a super long time.  I also went in this week for them to fix  a minor problem with  a tire they put on. They \"fixed\" it for free  and the very next morning  I had the same issue.  I called to complain  and the \"manager\" didn t even apologize  So frustrated. Never going back. They seem overpriced  too. 
Most random location for  a mini golf course ever. This is old school. It s built into the woods  spray yourself for bugs first  right of Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park. The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change. They recently re-carpeted the holes and added  a few gimmicks that weren t there before. It won t knock your socks off  but if you re local  give it  a try  
 I think this place is closed. Their number is out of service  sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mes of  a course though  
 I wil start by saying we have  a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.\n\n  Well  it al started in May when we had  a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was  a true salesman  I l tel you that. Not  a straight shooter  but an excited salesman that wanted to sell. And we bought into it.\n\nHe told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and  a lot of jobs  but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you  this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do  a survey of our land and get  a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them  and booked it.\n\nHere s where things fel apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally  I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So  I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally  I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take  a couple weeks to come back.  I wish Al would have told us that.\n\nSo our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bil us for it  but no word on where we were in the process.  I called back  a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.\n\nA month later   I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company.  I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes  a week to proces the permit  but we were now going on  a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it. \n\nI completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault  but why no communication about it  Just cal me and tel me they re waiting for the permit  but they l work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.\n\nFinally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they re digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days.     Didn t happen here.\n\nMy main point is  contractors have  a reputation for not being the most trustworthy.     My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front  nor was the ongoing proces communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes  leaving the site dirty.  I understand things happen and things get delayed  but just email or cal me. It s not that hard to keep me updated  it is 2014 with  a million ways to be contacted.\n\nEven though  I have  a nice deck  after  I clean things up myself     I would not recommend them to anyone. 
 I have never seen  a restaurant that has  a frowning brownie  a.k.a. Frownie  as their icon  mascot  or spokesperson. King s Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N  Parks smiling cookie - funny  funny odd  not funny ha-ha . We were seated rather quickly by the manager. Very nice people work here   I was happy to find that even though they had closed  a section  the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.\n\nWe chatted with the server  a little bit - she was quite engaging - and then moved on to order our meal:\n\nTea\nPepsi\nOpen-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy\nBuffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n  cheese\n\nOur drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area. She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed. Eventually  our entrees arrived - both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese. It didn t taste bad  but  I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn t feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they to came from  a package; but  again  they didn t taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal - the buffalo chicken strips. At least they were al white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them. \n\nI tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished of my dinner and was happy in the end. No  it wasn t the best food in the world  but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn t taste bad. 
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh  as far as  I can tel  - and delicious and cheap too.  I ordered some mix of eggs  bacon and pancakes  - and got  2 dinner-sized plates  one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs  bacon  and home fries. Oh  and  a side of toast. For under  5  if  I recall.\n\nHUGE portions  al well-executed; as good as DeLuca s.\n\nI ve not had anything besides breakfast  so can t comment on the burger or anything else.\n\nCramped quarters  and you l have to wait  but when nothing but monster morning food wil do  this is the destination. 
If you re looking for no frills but  a great breakfast this is the place.  I got the mixed gril half portion and was very full. Make sure you have extra calories for the day because they are not afraid to use butter. Loved the breakfast and would go back. Not much room for sitting down but worth the wait. 
Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick  my dad  and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed gril  half . 
If  I could give this place les than one star   I would.  I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy  the place reeked of smoke  and the bartender/server was surly  to put it mildly. We went there on  a Saturday night with  a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently  we were out of luck. I ve always thought that the secrets of restaurant succes is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no \"pies\". No chicken pot pie  no shepherds pie  etc. So  we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife  for example  ordered the Irish stew and he came back  5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out  a third option  ham and cabbage  only to be told again that \"they were out\". At that point  realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus  we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on  a debit card. In short  unles you like your dinner with  a side of disappointment and depression  I d probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague   I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out.  I only have two bathrooms at my house and would ve been hard pressed to accommodate several violently il people at once. 
The delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell  having confused 13 and 113.\n\nRather than taking  a step back and analyzing the situation  he begins to accuse my wife and  I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.\n\nThe driver then gets on his cel phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed  begins to cal his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges. \n\nSo  I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was  phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than  a thank you or  a sorry  he just speeds of  breaking the speed limit on our block  to reach his destination 50 feet away.\n\nI would cal to complain  but based on the other reviews  its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it s residents  and its pretty wel known around town just how awful their food is  so it would be pointles to boycot  a place I d never order from again anyway.\n\nDo yourself  a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town. 
Some of the worst pizza I ve ever had. We used  a coupon from the paper for  a  2 topping  8 cut Sicilian. First of al the pizza wasn t even cut through  and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that  4 of the slices were about an inch wide  while the others were about 4\" each. The toppings were scarce  they used mini pepperoni and put maybe  8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from  a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like  a fishy sourdough roll. I m serious. It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross. \n\nWe also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted  and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The \"steak\"  if you an cal it that  was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was  a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that  I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest. \n\nI have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed.  I thought  I would give them another try since I d never ordered  a Sicilian pizza from there. What  a mistake.  I wil never order from them again  
By far the worst most unprofessional dentist  I have ever experienced her staf is to busy watching soap operas on al the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me  a filling which was to deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawai and she had to stop  3 times to pay for them and show her whole staf al of them must be nice to have  a 14 year old go to Hawai on her moms dime and have her patience wait to se al of this happen  I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in to deep an abscessed tooth was the result  I wouldn t recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone  I hate because of the thre months of extreme tooth pain  I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after  I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care les and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled  
Al  I can say is the worst  We were the only  2 people in the place for lunch  the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys   2 bicycles   a scooter  and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room.  A fish tank with filthy  slimy fingerprints smeared al over it is there for your enjoyment.\n\nOur food came. no water to drink  no tea  medium temperature food. Of course its cold  just like the room   I never took my jacket off  The plates are to small  you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of  a box and nasty  the shrimp was mushy  the fried rice was bright yellow.\n\nWe asked for water  they brought us  1 in  a SOLO cup for  2 people.  I asked for hot tea  they said 10 minutes.  \n\nOver all. my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap  and deservingly so. 
We went on  a weeknight. Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken. We ordered an ap and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so. Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back. 
If you like being greeted in the morning by  a gym worker slopping down eggs from  a frying pany instead of working..this is your gym..complain to the manager and she gets nasty..try getting in touch with the owner..impossible  Most unprofessional gym ever  
Terrible service. Food unremarkable. Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement. Saved his tip by discounting meal after  I complained. Al and all   a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests. Not to be repeated  never again  
 I have to say that  I write this review with much regret  because  I have always loved PaPa J s. But my recent experience there has changed my mind  a bit. \n\nFrom the minute we were seated  we were greeted by  a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn t know the menu. As  I said before  I ve been to PaPa J s  a good handful of times so  I know the menu decently well  but the server couldn t explain any of the questions  I had about  a couple new dishes  I was thinking about trying.  I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time  a few minutes ago.\n\nBut it wasn t just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for  a glas of water  4 times until she finally got it  at which point the meal was over  so we didn t care at that point .  I mean come on  for  a restaurant of this calibre and price is it to much to ask for  a glas of water  There was no one filling up water.\n\nMy biggest complaint  however  is what happened with our meals. My dad and  I both ordered the trout special  trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat . Instead  the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with  a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all. And by the way  that item is on the menu as  a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server  which  we are sure it was  or the chef  who knows for certain. Not to mention  though  that  a good server wouldn t have served us that regardless. \n\nBut before you think we had an unusal experience that was al due to  a poor server  let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake  he didn t really believe us until he checked his order sheet  and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point  the meal had been sitting  because it took us forever to flag this guy down again  so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So  he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile  of course  my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and  I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife stil had not gotten the water she had been asking for  and my iced tea had been refilled with  a soda  yes  believe that or not . Al the kitchen did was scrape their \"mistake\" of of our fish  They didn t remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking al over it. Quite frankly  the fish wasn t good at all.  I honestly would have rather had  a fish sandwich from McDonald s that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better  - he knew we weren t happy  but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I m not looking for  a handout  but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally   I may have asked for  a manager  but at this point  I was ready to just get out of there  plus  we had to be somewhere else that night .\n\nMy opinion. for the money  there are many other restaurants  I would rather eat at. 
Terrible service..terrible food..this place smells like rotten wet wood 
Absolutely Awful Service. Went to Papa J s awhile ago and the service was bad  - the waiter was surly  rude and unhelpful. Decided to try it again since it is close to Stage 62. Big mistake. Greeted by  a dour manager that seemed mad that we had  a reservation. 30 minutes to get  a glas of wine. At one hour and 45 minutes complained to the manager that we stil had not received out entrees. He said   \" and said they had  a busy night. This is when tables around us sat empty.  I then had to go back to the manager to give us our bil so we could get away from this ruined evening. The bil was prepared incorrectly. If you want average food and terrible service  this is your place. We wil never go back. 
We stopped at Papa J s last Friday night  8/1  for  a round of drinks. There were  7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening. One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall  as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there   a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying  a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to  a waitres who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if we could have  a server take our drink order. She said \"yep\" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point  he asked to se the manager who came  a few minutes later.  \n\nMy friend said \"An apology would be  a good start\" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said \"Get out and don t come back\"   Are you kidding  \n\nMy friend is wel traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way  shape  or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. \n\nThat being said  we left and went back to 131 East  where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous  as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.\n\nThere are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J s is no longer the only game in town. Obviously this is the way  a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling  Do yourself  a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J s. They understand the concept of customer service. 
I m up in the air about how  I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both  a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffe places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staf are young and hip.  I think possibly  a little to young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but  I didn t adore her. I m stil working out my bil because they charged me to much on my copay and don t really seem to have al their info. together. After  a cleaning and fillings   I think I m going to look for somewhere else to get my future dental work done. 
I ve decided where  I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional  rude and have no clue what they re doing  behind the desk .  I wil not be going back nor wil  I have nice things to say about them. 
THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. THEY ARE BUTCHERS  My husband and  I went to Emmert Dental in Bethel Park for  a routine cleaning and check up.  I had one tooth that  I had  a recent root canal on and  a few smal cavities that needed filled. After the so called dentist  - Dr Carnavali  - did my exam   I needed  3 additional root canals and an extraction  An extraction on the tooth that just had  a root canal.  I was told that part of the tooth had broken of and that  a crown was no longer possible.  I didn t know any better  so  I agreed to schedule the extraction for  a few weeks later. The \"dentist\" wanted to extract it that day  but  I had plans for the weekend and was not about to be in pain. So   2 weeks later   I went in for the extraction. After they gave me novocaine they get me with \"you need  a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth\".  I have never had any issues with bone los with previous extractions so  I didn t feel it was necessary.  I had  3 employees surrounding me  pressuring me for this bone graft. So   I reluctantly agreed.  I had to pay  259.0 for this \"bone graft\". So   I signed everything.  I wasn t even given enough time to read the document  so  I should have known and got up and left right then and there. The \"dentist\" started the extraction.  I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. He pulled on my tooth  used  a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and was pulling so hard that my head was coming up and slamming back down against the head rest. Finally  after  a good 15 minutes of this torture  he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw.  I was literally ganging from al the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I m assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches.  I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then  I was hit with  a bil of  569.00  My insurance covers 100  of extractions.  I was in so much pain for  2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that  I had to cal of work and  I couldn t sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental. And after  a visit to  a very reputable dentist  an endodontist and an oral surgeon   I have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage Emmert Dental has done to my mouth. They caused  a very large deformity in my jaw and  I am at risk to lose additional teeth. Save yourself  a lot of time  money and pain. Emmert dental only cares about the money  wil over charge you and leave you les than happy with the dental work. They are butchers and should not even cal themselves dentist. And if you have an issue with their billing practices  don t expect to that resolved easily.  I have called numerous times and  I am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in.  I have contacted the B and  a lawyer.  I expect and want  a ful refund. No one should have to go thru what  I am currently going thru. They do unnecessary extractions so they can do  a more expensive procedure such as  a bridge or an implant. Now  I have to go thru oral surgery  more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of Emmert Dental. And the root canals they said  I needed  my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that  I do not need tooth canals. In fact  the teeth are perfectly healthy. They are crooks and butchers. 
The worst dental office  I ever been. No one can beat it  You should avoid it at any time. 
Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible  the staf seem to be generally clueless  the management is inclined to blame the staf for their own mistakes  and there s no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came  half of the menu board was stil on breakfast  and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald s should. \n\nThen again  the franchise is owned by Rice  and I ve come to take terrible service is their MO. 
My expectations for McDonalds are  t rarely high. But for one to stil fail so spectacularly..that takes something special \nThe cashier took my friends s order  then promptly ignored me.  I had to force myself in front of  a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me.  I waited over five minutes for  a gigantic order that included precisely one kid s meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food   I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for \"serving of their orders\" when they didn t have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls  and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.\nThe manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn t make sure that  I had everything ON MY RECEIPT  and never even had the decency to apologize that  I felt  I was getting poor service.\nI ve eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I ve worked at more than one location.  I expect bad days  bad moods  and the occasional mistake. But  I have yet to have  a decent experience at this store. It wil remain  a place  I avoid unles someone in my party needs to avoid illnes from low blood sugar. Perhaps  I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak  n Shake instead  
This McDonald s is so bad it s amazing. \n\nOrder: Big mac  large fries  diet coke.\n\nThe soda machine was broken. No sodas.\n\nThen  I got to the window. \"We rang you up for medium fries.\"  Not what  I asked for  \"Well  if you want  a large  you re gonna have to wait  4 minutes. We just started  a new batch.\"\n\nLeft with: Big mac  medium fries  no coke.\n\nActually  now that  I think about it  this was one of my better experiences there. 
We had the worst possible experience at the Eat  N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitres  Annemarie  was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with  a dish we had not even ordered and stil got charged for it on the check. \n\nOne of my friends ordered  a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich  which according to the menu description  should ve had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress  she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in  a plate  How crude  \n\nSpoke to the manager after paying the ful check and first of all  she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order  and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. \n\nWhen  I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato  she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato  What  a lame excuse  Even your online menu says under the description for  a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients  - \"Served with lettuce and tomato on  a fresh-baked Kaiser roll.\"  - That s what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying  Instead of admitting her fault  she was blaming it to  a new menu \n\nNot only did we have to pay for something that we didn t order or eat  but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu  and had to deal with  a really bad waitres and insensitive and deceitful manager to top of the whole experience. \n\nI am never going to come back to any Eat  N Park location ever again  and wil never recommend one to any of my friends either. What  a waste of time and money  Plus dealing with callous and lying people  - my goodness   I surely had my patience tested this evening  
They burned my fish and they burned it bad. Ordering fish at Eat n Park is always  a gamble.  I just never know how it s going to turn out. I m  a risk taker so  I ordered two pieces of baked lemon sole. \n\nWel it went terribly wrong. My waiter came out and said  \"They burned your fish  so  I had them put two new pieces in the oven.\"  I was impressed by his honesty and didn t mind waiting for two new pieces. \n\n  I gladly helped myself to my boyfriend s french toast while  I waited. \n\nThen out of no where another server comes to the table with the burnt fish and sets it down infront of me. With the burnt side down of course. That just shows the kitchen is not in total coordination. \n\nLike  I said getting fish from Eatn  Park is  a tos up. In the end  I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones  so  I left satisfied. 
This is  a tiny Starbucks and it locations like this  although cute  makes you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffe and leave. Leaving is always  a good idea at this location anyway since you have  a nice fountain in the back with benches and it is  a central part of the Waterfront Shopping. \n\nStarbuck isn t my favorite coffe chain by any means. Is it just me or do al Starbuck coffees taste  a little burnt and bitter  No matter how trendy  cool and upscale their establishments are  I can t get around the yicky tasting bitternes of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting  a bean..Maybe something has changed with their regular coffe but  I have not drank it in about  a year.  I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Stil I l give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn t taste half as bad as the regular coffe bean. 
Mmm..peppermint mocha\n\nIn my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA  I have stopped at yet another location. This one is located in the center of  a circle road - very cache and in  a newer part of the area. 
For someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er  this store can seem vast and confusing. There s rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and..oh my..scrap booking    \n\nI m in  a hurry  as always  and  I rush in and the first thing  I look for is an employee. No one to be found.  I could cal out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper  wood and gosh darn scrap booking..no felt    You re not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS..in fact  there s no service to be found  
 I have been frequently shopping at this Michaels store over the last couple months since  I began taking  a cake decorating clas and hosted  a large baby shower at my home. The store has typically had the supplies that  I need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supplies. This location is pretty average compared to other Michaels  - it s exactly what you would expect when going to this store. It s not  a large store  but it s not  a smal store - just average.\n\nI do enjoy using the Michael s coupons when shopping.  I definitely save  a lot of money  Instead of toting around the paper versions   I actually have the iPhone ap that has coupons available to use from the app. \n\nMy only complaint is that sometimes it takes  a while to check out at this location.  I don t normally have  a problem  - usually only one or two people ahead of me  - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today  for example  there were only two customers ahead of me  but one of them was having issues with  a coupon. The line began to get longer and longer  and though  a couple associates were lingering up front  they kept calling for someone else. From personal experience of being  a manger in  a retail store  do not linger or let your associates linger near the cashiers without jumping on register. Whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customers  it stil appears rude and make everyone more impatient. 
You would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location. \n\nThey are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is  a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it s hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least  a half hour before getting assistance.\n\nThe organization is disjointed  especially depending on your project. There s even  a section called \"art supplies\".  I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store. \n\nWhat did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them  but apparently Michael s thinks  a grocery bag is sufficient to protect  a nice picture frame in bad weather. \n\nSo  the inevitable happened and  I dropped the bag. Now  I don t expect every place to be sympathetic  even though it could have been packed better  but when  I asked for  a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey  I did drop the thing  but some empathy would have been nice.  I wasn t completely out of line asking because  a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place.  I wil never be back to this or any other Michael s. 
 I went here at  3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush  and the restaurant was maybe 20  full.  I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go.  I thought  I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has  a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.\n\nLong story short  my food never came. the waitres told me  after  I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes  that the kitchen hadn t even started on my order yet  so  I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now  I se that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish  I had looked it up earlier. 
The only thing worse than the food is the service. 
Terrible wait staf couldn t even seat us. Before we  and another party walked out without even being greeted properly   I observed several employees traipse out the front door  several tables who were waiting for their food for  a long time  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables   a morbidly obese hostes that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other.  I think one server was high. \n \n Going there was  a special request by  a  7 year old getting over  a long-ish illness  so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging. 
The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service.  I had  a bus to catch so  I couldn t wait around waiting for the check so  I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check  never checked to se if my drink needed refilled  she just mopped the floors. \n\nThe burger was really greasy  the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn t as flavorful as it should be. As  a new Pittsburgher I m not impressed. 
Wow. Dirty and slow. The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled al over  and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order. 
It s okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example  I order the chicken tenders  and  I got  3 little tiny tenders  and  a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either. This restaurant is not my number  1 choice. 
 9.75 for  a red bul and vodka  I m sorry   I thought  I was in Pittsburgh  not New York City. Sing Sing   a dueling piano bar  is fun  but it would be  a hel of  a lot more fun if  I could have more than one watered down drink before  I warbled my way through \"Paradise City\" with the rest of the crowd. 
While we were in Pittsburgh for the Winter Classic on New Years Day  we figured we d se what the area had to offer for NYE. My wife and I  along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up Sing Sing in Homestead. It s apparently located on what was the site of one of the largest steel mills in the area. When it closed they turned the entire site into  a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development. The only remaining artifacts from what once was  were the nine or so original mil smoke stacks stil standing at the primary entrance. Pretty cool.\n\nSing Sing  which is  a piano bar  is attached to the Rock Bottom Brewery and serves  a selection of RBB s in-house brews and shares  a similar menu. There are no TV s  no sports memorabilia  which is rare for this city   and no big booths for large groups. This place is al about being  a cabaret with the focus on the musicians. Mind you this isn t  a bad thing  just note that if you want  a bar  go next door or acros the street to Dave and Busters. I d say Sing Sing holds about 150 people seated.\n\nThis particular night they were hosting  a  shocker  NYE s party. For  40 bucks  a person you got  a choice of two entrees  beef tenderloin tips or lemon chicken   veggies  mashed potatoes  one fre drink coupon   a midnight champagne toast  and  what turned out to be over four hours of non-stop music. Again. Pretty Cool.\n\nThere were thre musicians holding down the fort playing more than just piano  drums  electric synth  bas guitar  and apparently  I missed the sax . There was plenty of crowd involvement. As in most piano bars you request songs along with  a tip. The larger the tip  the better chance of hearing your song you have.  I put thre requests on  a sheet with  a 10 and managed to get two played. Their rendition of Toto s Africa was fantastic and surprisingly  my curve bal got hit out of the park when one of the guys actually knew the tune and words to the Theme from TV s \"Growing Pains.\"  I was sold from that point on.\n\nI wil take this time to note that this is NOT  a family friendly joint. I m not sure if it was 21+ only but  I certainly wouldn t bring anyone to young to drive.  A good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.\n\nDrinks were stif and not horribly overpriced.  I think rail mixed drinks were  7.0 and beers were  6 or so  RB doesn t brew anything  I particularly enjoy so  I stuck with rum and cokes . Al and al my bil wasn t scary and I m not used to that on Dec 31st. Waitres staf was really nice and incredibly attentive. No complaints there. \n\nThe only down side to everything was group seating as you re sitting at 2-top cab tables. It was easily fixed though as the group next to us was up for rearranging tables from side to side to front to back  allowing us to talk and share food/booze etc   also  being  a tourist  we had no idea how hard it would be to get  a cab in Homestead. Understandably NYE has its issues with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hours for  a cab because  as we found out  Homestead is  a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drives. \n\nOoops \n\nAl and al  a good time and someplace I d certainly return to if for any reason I d be back in Pittsburgh. as long as  I have  a car. 
Came here with  a group of girls and didn t have  a reservation. We paid the cover  walked in and it was absolutely packed. There was nowhere to even stand. One of our friends was having issues with an expired license and when we found out that not al of us got in  they let us get our  7 cover back without issue. \n\nI recently went with  a big group who had reserved about 50 seats. People who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staf was very helpful in dealing with the group. \n\nThey brew their own beer so do not expect to se any known brands. There are only about  6 beers on top  so if you are more of  a light beer drinker you might not be to happy with the beer choices. They also have mixed drinks and wine. The mixed drinks around about  9 and they have  a limited number of bottled wines  despite what it says on the menu . \n\nThe entertainment was great and  I would recommend it for  a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have  a reservation. 
Always  a good time  although it s definitely not  a place  I would visit often. It s great for groups..which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette parties and birthdays. \n\nShut out to the piano players  who can not only play the piano  but also sing  play the drums and the sax. They are funny and know how to keep  a crowd entertained. Also know some pretty obscure songs. \n\nMy big criticism is the set up. If you don t have  a reservation and/or come later in the evening  it s difficult to get seats. Believe me   I don t mind standing  but it does become  a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find  a seat  it is often littered with someone else s empty glasses. 
Pretty fun place to go every once in  a while  but  believe me  by the end of the night you l be ready to go. The show lasts around  5 hours  by the  3 hour mark you l be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your  9  a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again. 
Would like to give NO STARS. bought al new kitchen appliances there. Refrigerator is defective. They\nsend an outside company to repair. Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer. not once  twice. The first time  he tries to use my spoon from counter to instal it   I complain  to bad..they have to comeTHRE times before replacing it  NEVER AGAIN. 
This local Lowe s serves its purpose for my husband and me -  a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two.  I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store.  I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe s stores  but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall  their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe s. 
Waterfront Lowe s beats Monroeville Lowe s for lawn and garden. Hate to admit it  but it s true. 
We re always looking for non-chain restaurants by the Waterfront  they do exist..   and this has become  a favorite. I ve had the Hot Roast Beef    Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye  and both were delicious. Every beer I ve had here has been ice cold  and the service has been strong too. It s  a great place to watch  a Pirates game too. 
Before today  I probably would have given this place thre stars based mostly on their beer selection; however  today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for  a pizza sub  French onion soup  fries  and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and  a half in we finally got the smal pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders  ie  no hot sauce . We were told by the waitres that she realized it was wrong  but decided to stil bring it out to se if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By  a half hour later  we stil had not received the buffalo chicken tenders  nor the French onion soup  which should have been mostly made already   and no fries. We were told the chef was new  but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy ap or beers on the house. To boot  the beer was pretty expensive.  I wil probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection  but it won t be for  a while. The food has always been average at best  and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75  of our order. 
One of my favorite local eateries. The mild    wild sauce is my absolute favorite   I wish  I could purchase it.  I am not  a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great    reminds me of  a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint  I would have if any is the craft beer is  a little on the pricey side  as usual in most local bars. Friendly service  wil continue to frequent with my family. 
Because  I have significantly younger sisters   I go to Dave and Busters about twice  a year. It s fun for them and nostalgic for me. It can get expensive and the  prizes  are cheap but it make for great \"sister days\" \n\nAs for the food  we ve eaten there once and never again. It s just blah. frozen and fried. The veggie burger was put on there as an afterthought just so they could say they offer it.  A frozen Boca patty thrown on  a bun. Thanks   I could have ran to Costco for that. Drinks are rather expensive but that s to be expected. \n\nSo go for the games  fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and  a bite to eat  skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street . 
The food was absolutely gross   I ordered  a turkey club which comes on  a wheat bun with avocado  bacon  and turkey breast. What  I got was TOTALLY different from the picture  First of al the sandwich was on sliced bread  lame   There was no avocado   1 slice of bacon  no lettuce  and to TOP it of instead of turkey breast they used freaking LUNCH MEAT  lol No  not the kind that you get from the deli  the other sweaty nasty looking stuff  Gross  \n\nOur waitres was awful but they were extremely understaffed so  I would have  a bit of an attitude if  I had to wait 10 tables without assistance too. \n\nThe manager was really nice. Of course that disgusting sandwich that  I didn t eat was free. 
Not much of  a review for this one  but just  a few tidbits of info..\n\nPool  on Friday/Saturday  is  14 per hour\n I m pretty sure its  10 through the week \n\nMixed drinks are way to pricey for the location.\nThe food is crap.\n\nThe games are fun and the pool tables are nice  they re the big tournament style/size  not the shitty bar-room  tiny pool tables .\n\nThat is all. : \n\n the pricing is based on my recent trip.\nWe shot pool for  a few hours   I had  a bar tab  that wasn t out of control  and my night ended up costing me  60 
Not  a cheap night out you wil end up spending money here. But it is busy fun entertaining and  a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great  i also played pool and the arcade games. 
Not really sure what to add. So I l bullet point my experience.\n\n- Expensive poorly made drinks\n- Friendly but slow service\n- Ok food considering  Had the Philly Steak and Cheese \n- Over run with kids before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision\n- 15  of the games were out of order  Air Hockey  Big Bbal Game  1/2 of the ske ball  random other arcade machines \n- Expensive games\n- Fun time overal with the wife. 
Mediocre service. COLD food  Our food waited so long the lettuce    pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade.  1 beer per hour maximum. Avoid at al costs. Fair manager. 
This place just plain sucks\nBad management lost them biz\nDumb arcade drama*\n\n* they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having  a guardian over 30 years old 
 i had fun here. fun big kid games for me  \nO. But the bartender Melissa was  a SUPER bitch and RUDE \nHope they fire her. 
Was impressed by the new menu and new decor. Our waitres was nice  knowledgeable and attentive. However  the rest of the staf was les than stellar. There was  a power outage  les than one minute  while we were paying games  sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened . My family and  I were playing  a trivia game--we lost about ten dollars of credits and al our bonus tickets when the power resumed. The games were down for about 20 mins after the outage and staf was not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the games would be working again. After the outage  two people in our groups could not get their power cards to work. When we asked staf for assistance they just brushed us of and said we must have been out of credits. Kinda  a bummer we lost so much money on  malfunction  game play tonight. 
Visited the Dave and Busters in Homestead  PA last night. Waitres mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already to  - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitres never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit  - not even  a refill. After spending over  30 plus games  we wil never go back.   HORRIBLE service 
My boyfriend and  I are in our 20s  and have visited this D B multiple times. After our visit yesterday  however   I don t think we l be back. When we arrived we were greeted by  a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were  2 extremely slow workers trying to do this  then one left while the line was stil out the door  The girl that was left was more than incompetent  and was taking extremely long to fil these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needles to say  the line in the game room was just as long  and they stil only had one girl in the booth. It was  a Saturday  After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get  a beer.  2 bartenders on staf while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash  and the bathrooms: repulsive   I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit  and not only did both bathrooms  I used have no toilet paper in them  but there was TP al over the floors  and the sinks were les than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better  as it smelled like pe and the paper towel dispenser didn t work. Al  I have to say is get your crap together. We could se  a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be  and I m  I have no doubt it s due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staf better on weekends. It s  a shame how quickly this place has gone down hil and we wil NOT be returning anytime soon  
Most of the games were out of order and  I had to find one of those refere looking people to fix  2 of them that took some of our credits. Apathetic service staf al around  the Peanut and  I were really disappointed. Won t be back. 
 I used to love D B when it first opened in the Waterfront  but it has gone down hil over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes  a whole heck of  a lot of tickets for you to even get  a pencil  The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people  Now  it is run down and many of the games are ap related games  Fruit Ninja  and 3D Experience rides. With such \"games\"  you can t even earn tickets and they take  a lot of tokens  Last time  I went  back in the winter  many of the games were broken  which made for  a negative player experience.  I would go to D B to play some games again in the future  but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets. 
 I was here on 10/3 and  I have to say this was  a horrible experience. Me and  a friend went here to eat and play  a couple games afterwards. It took the waitres at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not se her again. We ordered and got our drinks and wel let s just say we didn t se the waitres again until she was giving us our check  some manager delivered the food to the table . No refil on my beverage  no how is your food  no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered. Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people   I wil not be back again to eat. 
Horrible beer  horrible service  horrible menu 
Not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.\n\nI like the food and  I have tried al the beers. They re just \"OK\" as far as beer goes.\n\nLarge portions. Friendly staff. 
The only reason Rock Bottom gets  3 stars is because of the brews. Food was \"eh\"  not many vegetarian options and hostesses who wil ignore you because they are to busy chatting about who didn t text them back. This place has the potential to be great  but sadly  it falls way to short in almost al areas. 
Slow service\nBelow average food \nIl pas 
 I go to Rock Bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer  so  I was really really excited to have my bridal shower there. My maid of honor reserved the banquet room which was very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant. My MOH and mother said that the person they talked to about reservations and arrangements was wonderful and easy to get in touch with. My shower was wonderful  the wait staf was great and kept everyone s glasses full. It started pouring down rain and they let us stay  a little longer so my gifts wouldn t get wet when taking them out to the car. The only reason this place gets  4 stars is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home. There was salmon  chicken  potatoes  and mac and cheese left over and they told us we couldn t box it up. Not sure why- they can t re-serve it  It would have just gone to waste \n\nAlso  not at al related to the shower  their trivia night is super fun  
Southwest Eg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmm. Oh and the AMAZING Brews  
Normally the food is outstanding  no more salted bread sticks  but they did bring back the bal park pretzels. Not very good  cool to low warm. Hard  dense. Mango ice tea is wonderful.\n\nWil se how the chicken comes out.\n\nTo be continued. 
Came here to se Charlie Murphy. \nParking was nightmare.  I would expect nothing les on  a Saturday night.\nThe 15 minute wait to get inside was torture. They need to implement  a system where if you purchased tickets in advance you don t have to wait outside. Once inside you we were seated pretty quickly.\nSeating is first come first serve.\n\nThe Server was pretty quick to take our orders.  I misread the menu description and didn t realize my BBQ sandwich came \nwith cheese.  I don t eat cheese  and had send my order back. The waiter was gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minutes. I ve never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich  maybe it s  a northern thing. \nWe got our checks quickly  and without issue. 
Decent  clean  as far as  I could sense in the dim . about on par for what you d expect for  a higher-end comedy club. That includes the  10/drink  two-drink minimum  automatic 18  gratuity  and the comic spouting out the obligatory  \"don t forget to tip your waitress.\"\n\nTrying to judge the place on its own merits and not on the entertainment value of the comics.  If the latter  since we were here for Frank Caliendo  I d have given the place the ful  5 stars if only for him alone  \n\nTotal cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been  a 4-star experience for us.  80 for tickets online included  10 \"service fee\" and tax  we had to: this was  a sold out show . Ad  25 for drinks  gratuity  and more tax. We re talking 3-digits of   for les than  2 hours of entertainment squeezed in between other patrons and glass-wielding servers while you sit on rickety chairs. That s what  a headliner act wil cost ya \n\nWil you se us here again  Probably. but cost makes it unlikely to be  a weekly thing for us. 
 I have been here twice in the last month. It s  a pretty great time. My first visit  the service was pretty poor and the food was cold by the time it got to the table. We had to sit al the way in the back and the comedian was not that good  although that is no fault of the club . But when  I went to the second show  the service was much improved. The burger  I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitres kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was  a great experience. I l be going back soon  
My husband and  I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren t bad either.  I am very particular about where  I sit  and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose  especially if it s on  a Thursday or Sunday night  since those aren t particularly busy nights.\n\nI did have one bad experience  which is why I m giving this review  3 stars instead of  4  it only takes one poor experience  people  . My husband and  I went to se one of our favorite comedians on  a Thursday night. There is  a two-item minimum  so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well  we were mistaken. First of all  our waitres was rude and slow. After sitting there for  5 or  6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order  a drink and food  to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so al they have are salads and desserts.  I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.\n\nAt any rate   I order  a Caesar salad and  a beer. It comes out and it s iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese  tomatoes  and other veggies. In other words   a regular salad.  I inform the waitres of this and she seemed totally confused.  I suppose she did not understand the difference  which was odd. \n\nOverall   I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn t eat  let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren t the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show.  I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions  even if it cost them money. \n\nAfterwards   I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.\n\nThat being said   I wil most likely return to the Improv..but not for the service. Because it s  a great place to se comedy shows and isn t that expensive. Customer service is terrible. 
The Waterfront at Homestead is insane  and saves me the trip of driving al the way to Ros Park Mall. Anyway  the Giant Eagle here is enormous  as you d imagine. It s stil  a standard Giant Eagle  aka the best grocery store ever. 
Waterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they ve expanded and reorganized   I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie  There s  a wine kiosk  suck it PA liquor laws   you can buy crazy expensive  6 packs  cheese market  bakery  salad and hot bar  butcher  florist  dry cleaners  international foods  pharmacy  and  a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have  a sufficient number of lanes open  and it doesn t get nearly as crowded as Market District.  I do wish  a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion  but you can t always get what you want   I suppose. 
oddly enough  of al the giant eagles  i have visited in pittsburgh  this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i ve used for most of my life  outside of pittsburgh . the location is clean and the staf are friendly.  i sometimes resent having  a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment  as many of the items that  i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever  i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time   i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here  although they may not carry al the groceries that i d like. 
 I drive near this Giant Eagle on my daily commute  so  I shop at this location approximately once/week. The location is pretty  and the beer selection is descent. They carry my favorite lambic  so  I really can t complain  They also have  a very nice health and beauty section. Overall  they usually have the products that  I need.\n\nMy only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes  but generally only 5-8 open at  a time.  I always dread checking out  and whenever  I se that checkout lines look relatively clear   I hurry around the store and quickly gather the products that  I plan to buy. 
Just about every you need.\n\nWith great hours   a solid hot bar  sushi  if you re into that    a dry cleaning service  pharmacy  tons of produce  bakery and butchers counter you can t go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front.  I always have to walk to  a lane and hunt for  a basket then double back  super annoying. \n\nThat said its  a small  and easily repairable  hint  issue that shouldn t keep you from visiting. 
 I find this location  clean and wel organized  but that s not the reason it s getting  5 stars  \n\nI called today to look into whether or not their May issues of magazines were out  I need them for my job  and Erin so kindly went checked on every single magazine  I asked about  \n\nNow that is customer service  \n\nWel done  wel done  
This bookstore is absolutely packed ful of stuff  They have lots of books   a display of Nooks  DVDs and CDs  miscellaneous items like notebooks and calendars  and  a cafe. Though  a large assortment is nice   I feel like the space is very cramped.  I have purchased  a couple books from here  - which were pretty easy to find  - and have purchased food items from the cafe. \n\nThe cafe is not very impressive. I ve been pretty underwhelmed by al the food items that I ve purchased here.  I got  a slice of quiche here last night when  I only had 10 minutes before  a hair appointment at Ulta acros the street. Not only did they take  5 minutes to microwave it  but it also came out smelling burnt and burning hot. \n\nA little band was singing and playing  a variety of instruments while  I was here.  I wasn t very impressed until  I realized that they were high school kids.  I thought it as really nice that Barnes    Noble would let them perform in the store. and  a great way for B N to get  a lot of their family members in the store  too. 
 I had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get  a quick bite to eat before seeing  a movie acros the street. The place was near empty and there were thre waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks  and it took them 15 minutes to come..no  not alcoholic drinks  two waters and an iced tea. This should have been  a bad sign  but at this point we ordered food.\n\n20 minutes go by..we flag down our waitress  to let her know that we need to get to  a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in  a few minutes. Another 20 minutes  stil no food  and our waitres is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress  she says she wil find our waitress  who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn t even realize our food hadn t arrived  well  you never even checked on us  so of course you didn t . After speaking with the kitchen staff  she informs us that she \"definitely\" put our order in so it \"must have been given to someone else by mistake.\" Because they wouldn t have noticed that that WASN T what they ordered  Seriously \n\nThe waitres told us she could give us our food for take out and  since we were starving  we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later  our food and the bil arrived. Al that was comped was the iced tea  and we got some fre utensils and wetnaps. How generous  We shovelled what we could into our mouths  did NOT leave  a tip  thankfully  we didn t have the added gratuity that John had   and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part   I opened the wetnap  and it was totally dry. Of course.\n\nHowever   I gave this place two stars instead of one. That s because my food  when  I finally got it  was perfect.  I had the Greek burger and it was huge  cooked exactly how  I like it  with delicious toppings.  I really wish  I could come back here for the food but..hel no. 
When the ratio to wait staf to diners is 3:1 you d think you could get service  \n\nNothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staf and hungry patrons.  I very rarely walk out of  a restaurant with out having eaten first.  I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn t have drinks in the 15 minutes  I was there  I counted  9 waitres again  I counted  9 waitresses and not  a one of them came over to our table to get even  a drink order. Just from the looks of it  I could tel staying any longer would be  a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitres counting we left with empty bellies. 
The absolute worst service  I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt. And  in looking at other reviews   I am not the first. There are many options at the Waterfront  and  I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place  
Servers are chatting  not paying attention to tables.  I can se my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever. 
The evites are in the mail for the  2 for  9 special  You wil have to spend  24 on  a parking pass.  I signed up last year for this promotion and don t think  I got the passes worth. \n\nThe waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for  a hot summer day. There are just to many misses in my book though.\n\n1st of al Traffic is  a biatch  Be ready to sit on browns hil rd for  a very long time unles you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am. \n\nNext remember it is  a family park so there wil be lots of rude and bratty kids al over the place.  I m not  a mean kid hater  my experiences have been bad at the Sandbar pool. \n\nIf you do arrive early enough you wil be standing in the hot sun with  a gang of kids that WIL push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chairs with towels even though they won t use them because they run around the park al day.  I actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid.  I was like \"I m an adult and you need to have some respect.\" He pushed me and took al the chairs.  I only needed one and his mother did not correct him.  I was on fire and moved  a chair over from the back and he stil was giving me crap because  I moved the chairs over..THAT NO ONE was even there to sit in at the time. Damn  FOR REAL \n\nSandbar drinks are expensive and incredibly weak. Plus they are so sugary. If you do get  a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in  a few minutes. An Adult area would change al this.  I don t even care that I m getting splashed al the time  I do realize that I m at  a pool but it s hard to relax.\n\nIf you do get  a pas have  a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you re trying to go on the weekend forget it  The weekdays are bad enough. I m looking for  a better pool side lounge for this summer. 
Dont waste your time with this place. Long lines  overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the \"rides\" were shut down. You re better of with  a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with  a pool. 
 I LOVE Sandcastle. \nFirst  let me say that I m reviewing the waterpark  not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave. \n\nIf you are going to visit   I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on  a weekday. I ve attempted to visit on nice weekends before when the park has actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in. It gets CROWDED on the weekends  especially if the weather is nice. There aren t  a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh  so when there are nice days  people come out in droves  \n\nThe slides are  a blast  the lines are sometimes very long  but worth it. The lazy river is great when it s not wal to wal people.  I really enjoy the new Dragon s Den but the line is CRAZY long for it  They also have  a fantastic bar area  we have gone  a few times and enjoyed  a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun \n\nThey have several areas for smaller children  which are al fantastic. \n\nIf you are visiting  trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets  because these can get really pricey. You can also do  a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket  where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It s  a fantastic deal  but boy could that be exhausting  
 I agre with the other reviewers.  I tried these guys based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. \n\nI m  a grumpy New Englander  and have been frustrated by the smal town  easygoing/careles customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional  punctual  even in snow  . 
Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for busines and needed  a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp  and the reviews were not wrong. It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt. 
Other people may have had  a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us. We had rented  a limo/bus for  a bachelor party. Our driver Scott  was completely clueles in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. Al of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip  a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scot that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really          We found that our bags had been rifled through and we al felt  a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to cal it  a night. More than half of our passengers didn t care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home. \n\nJust when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scot has driven al the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve al around us  Truly terrifying. After that  we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night. \n\nSo if you d like to book  a party bus that wil include  a geographically blind driver  unecessary police involvement   a near death experience and just an overal sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise   I would suggest staying far  far away  
Awful everything. From the bad service  to the diluted soup  to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad  to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE  
Food was ok had  a steak w/ shrimp side As mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not  a lot of flavor. 
 I think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.\n\nBathrooms unkept  entry door handle and windows filthy\n\nPizza had to much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse  not refined\n\nServing items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hot\n\nLow quality  but probably ok with pittsburgher  s 
My friend and  I have never eaten here before so last night we decided to check it out. For  a Thursday it wasn t that crowded and we were seated promptly. There were plenty of flat screens and warm lighting that made the place cozy. We ordered  a thin crust pizza: on one side there was chicken  hamburger and pepperoni  for him  while the other side had just pepperoni  for me .  I was expecting the pizza to be bland and warm but it was surprisingly hot and savory.  I even tried  a slice of my friend s pizza and the hamburger and chicken were moist  not dried out. This wasn t bad for  a first visit so  I wil definitely be back in the future to try more menu items. I m only giving Uno  4 stars because the waitres brought us  a plate that stil had old food stuck to it. Hello  The plate was yellow  How could she not have seen that   
Interesting the reviews here are les than stellar already.  I would normally not review  a chain retail store  but the service  I received today just really got my blood boiling.\n\nI wil state  as  I always do in these types of situations  that  I have worked many years in retail.  I know what you re supposed to do.  I know the ways I ve displayed exemplary service and  I know the ways I ve slacked off.  I get it   I really do.\n\nSo I m in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn t matter what time you re there during the sale  it s always busy. \n\nI went through my usual bins and picked up  a mes of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and  I needed  a spot to go through things   I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick.  I actually always like to do this  just to shoot the breeze  but also to get their opinions on items I m buying. \n\nThe girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about  a bra and she said she didn t know about that one  but said it should work.  I understand  you can t try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter.  I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.\n\nSo I m going through my stuf and separating what  I want and don t want and she s sighing and grabbing things saying \"Soo  you DON T want these  \" Um  I m not asking you to help me sort things. I m not holding up  a line. I m just trying to not spend   on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in  \n\nAfter that  it s not exactly what she said  but how she acted.  I have never felt more uncomfortable in  a retail store before.  I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself  which  I really don t mind doing  but after she huffed and puffed   I didn t even want to deal with her . \n\nThe thing is   I was nice the entire time.  I don t expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sel some bras. If you come to work in  a bad mood  the real world is not going to give you  a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don t have to talk to anyone else ever. 
Wasn t terrible \nBut certainly wasn t great.\nSave your hard-earned cash. 
Honestly  I m furious.  I enjoyed PF Chang s restaurants in the Chicago area  and my wife and  I have eaten  a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year  we have tried repeatedly  but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early  late - it never made any difference. The front staf was rude  and the wait was to long.\n\nTonight  we had  a special date planned  and made reservations  a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time  waited in the line to se the front staff  and we were promptly handed  a pager. They couldn t tel us when we would be seated.\n\nI imagined  a short wait  so we went outside  crossed into  a store to wait  since the entrance of this location is so packed  it s impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating .\n\nAfter 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang s and the front office staf stil couldn t tel us when we would be seated.  I saw open tables.\n\n \n\nThe food here is good  but certainly not great. We went to  a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in  5 minutes. The food was much better  the service was good even in  a crowded busy restaurant. Oh  and the local place was  a much more reasonable price.\n\nWe certainly wil never visit PF Chang s again. 
My vegan friend  Deb  turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang s and stay on  a vegan diet.\n\nVegan friend Deb  VFD  asked the waitres if they could prepare  a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitres without hesitation proclaimed they always had  a vegan version  but it was never put on the menu.\nWarning: even though it s vegan  it stil contains the same amount of salt that was reported on al the news channels when the salt  fat  and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.\n\nThey also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic  eggplant and garlic  and  a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.\n\nI always loved the fact PF Chang s offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so wel with their meals.\n\nThe service staf at Chang s is always top shelf  I ve never had  a bad time here and love when we go. 
The service was lackluster. Coffe was warm but delicious. Limited to one cup  apparently  as the waitres never offered  a second.\n\nDaughter had sweet and sour shrimp. Wife had spicy chicken.  I had wonton soup. Dumplings as an appetizer for the table. Al arrived warm. The brown rice was dry as sand and the white rice was delayed by rice cooker problems. Also dry as sand.  I gues that is how they serve it.\n\nThe base flavors for the shrimp and chicken were nearly identical.  I had expected them to be more diverse. \n\nIn all  expectations were not met for what is advertised as upscale. I d rather have the local Chinese cuisine which more flavorful  and much les expensive. 
This was my first time at this PF Chang s and  I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was  a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. \n\nThey were also playing  5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music   Come on--this is an \"Asian Bistro.\" 
 I really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers  but \nThere was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces. \nOne of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mil Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation. \n\nReservations:\nOur party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.\n\nAt 6:1 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party  . Obviously someone dropped the bal here..\n\nWhen we requested silverware for the table. Our waitres blamed it on the hostess. Yes  theHostes should have provided silverware. However It was unprofessional of our waitres to pas buck. As  a Patron  I could care les who s fault it is; just      in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.\n\nMy Hot and sour soup is usally served with\"noodley\" things that  I drop in the soup. We weren t given any \"noodley \" things  . Not trying to be  a jerk but al things being equal the pfc isn t selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart. 
Our last few visits have left something to desire  One of the things  I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable  no one smiles or greets you appropriately  it s more like get in  get out  turn the tables \n\nThe food has remained consistently good. when we can order it. the last time JB and  I came for  a quick dinner  the place was not busy yet we were passed by  6 frowning waitstaf without getting drinks. for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table  HINT  HINT  so we left and most likely wil not be returning. 
If you look at other reviews you wil se that  I am  a very positive person  but tonight was an utter disaster  We sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did. She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took  3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out. She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar. Finally  a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and gues what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management  We wil never return.  I wil give it  2 stars because the food was great  but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostes to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It s not worth the headache. 
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring rolls \n\nBelow par on every way. No experience needed to work here 
The service started out slow  but they eventually picked up the pace. We ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer  and we enjoyed it. For the entres  we had the fried rice and mongolian beef  both of which were delightful.  I would not mind going back to explore their menu. 
We recently went here for  a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server  Denice  was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies. She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was to spicy  which was totally my fault  she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing. She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves. We were there for  a while and were al on separate checks. I ve been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain. Never once did  I feel unwelcome.  I wil go out of my way to eat here again. 
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience  after waiting over one hour to be seated  we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with  a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then  I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered  a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce  . After  a long wait my food came so salty that  I could not even eat and as much as  I hate to complain but  I had to let the waiter know  so he went to get me one with les salt. My husband s dish was OK. then the second one was  a bit les salty but the meat had  a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach.  I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :  
Let me start of by saying  I have mostly simple tastes  and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations   I was forced to try something new.\n\nSo.  I thought I d try the chain PF Chang s Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow  what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.\n\nI started with  a cup of their Wonton soup. At  2.95 it wasn t to outrageous of  a price  the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than  I was used to  including thre giant basil  I think   leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken  two shrimp  some sliced water chestnuts and two \"pork\"-filled wontons. As  I said  the broth had decent flavor  but the wontons were thick  doughy and under-cooked  and the chicken chunks were dry  which is amazing since they were drowned in broth  On  a scale of bad to good  it was kind of meh.\n\nNext came my \"lunch-portion\" order of Chang s Kung Pao Chicken  the dinner portion is  5 more . \n\nAt the New Dumpling House  this dish is served with  a delectable dark  rich  tangy sauce  which  I was really hoping for. Not at PF Chang s. \n\nOn my plate  I received about  8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken   7 hot Chinese red chili peppers  mostly inedible unles they are diced into  a sauce    a handful of blanched  unsalted peanuts   a few sliced scallions  and  a bed of the most bland brown rice  I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would ve been ashamed if that stuf came out of one of his boxes.\n\nGlaringly  there was NO SAUCE . None at all.\n\nI ve had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City  San Francisco  and even from  a hole in the wal in Bethel Park  PA that was much  much better. Never have  I had it served in such  a bland  skimpy  and overpriced way  The \"lunch-portion\" cost was  9.95.\n\nAt The New Dumpling House   I could have  a delicious lunch  with soup  entre and complimentary hot tea  and  I could leave satisfied with just  8 out-of-pocket - and that includes the tip.\n\nThe service was decent. However  lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs. 
Our family loves this restaurant. My children and  I suffer from food allergies.  I have Celiac s Disease and their gluten fre selection for  a Chinese restaurant is great. My children are  a completely different bal game. They have  a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body. They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten  soy  eggs  dairy  nuts  tre nuts  fish  shellfish  amd corn. This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the eg wash. The servers and managers are al trained in how to be careful. Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin. Cal ahead if you have any questions and they wil answer your questions. 
 I really enjoy Panera  and this restaurant meets my expectations.  I particularly love the Asiago Cheese Bagel  Caesar Salad  Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich  Tuna Salad Sandwich  Smokehouse Turkey Panini  Broccoli Cheddar Soup  and Iced Chai Tea Latte. I ve ordered al of these items at this location  and they have been very tasty.\n\nI have had this location run out of the side of French Baguette once or twice. However  last time that occurred   I asked for  a bread bowl as  a replacement  which  I was given for free.\n\nI l definitely be returning soon  
Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant  I have ever been to.  I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could ve used  a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing. 
The food was fine. It s  a chain. I m not rating it. \n\nThe service was absolutely horrible. It started wel enough when we ordered lunch  but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get  a treat for my husband. \n\nBetween being ignored by the girl at the counter  her not listening to the order  then arguing with me when  I told her  I did not ask for what she brought me   I really can t decide which is worse.  I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business  rather than take attitude from Panera employees. 
The problem  I have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted  3 minutes. The vet checked the ears  teeth  and nails then called it  a day. \n\nI came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had  a \"slab fracture\" which was stil attached to the gum. The vet didn t mentioned it during the \"exam\" other than telling me to buy  a finger brush to brush his teeth.\n\nI was primarily there for  a vaccination shot but if they re going to charge me for  a examination  they should do  a proper examination.  I just felt  I was rushed out of there. \n\nI took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture  gave me info on how it usually happens  potential problems that it can cause  and recommendations on ways to fix the problem. 
 I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I ve had  a couple Chow Chow s who  a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had  a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years. 
What can  I say  I m  a shil for Target  Like another reviewer says  you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do \n\nBut as for the name brands here  I ve never had  a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and  I have been very satisfied with. The housewares section here is positively unbeatable. My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils. He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones. He is also an amateur photographer and he stil works with film  so he likes the film development here.\n\nMe   I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps  toothpaste  deoderant  etc because the selection is so good. I ve also purchased  a lot of my casual wear here. 
 I was in and out  and  I didn t wait in long to long so I m happy. 
It s not that delish. 
 I got pizza here on  a Saturday night in  a pinch. Looking for  a place that sells by the slice   I drove around for  a while. Not only did they have by-the-slice pizza  but they also had some of my favorite toppings.  I also hate crust that s to thick  and - although  I prefer it even thinner than it was -  I was pretty satisfied with the crust. \n\nThe only thing that could be improved is the salad. We got  a grilled chicken salad. The chicken and fries were okay  but the rest was pretty run of the mill.\n\nAs for the pizza  I l definitely be back for more. 
This store has such bad service. The service staf are rude rude rude. Save your money  shop elsewhere. 
We had the worst possible experience at the Eat  N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitres  Annemarie  was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with  a dish we had not even ordered and stil got charged for it on the check. \n\nOne of my friends ordered  a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich  which according to the menu description  should ve had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress  she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in  a plate  How crude  \n\nSpoke to the manager after paying the ful check and first of all  she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order  and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. \n\nWhen  I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato  she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato  What  a lame excuse  Even your online menu says under the description for  a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients  - \"Served with lettuce and tomato on  a fresh-baked Kaiser roll.\"  - That s what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying  Instead of admitting her fault  she was blaming it to  a new menu \n\nNot only did we have to pay for something that we didn t order or eat  but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu  and had to deal with  a really bad waitres and insensitive and deceitful manager to top of the whole experience. \n\nI am never going to come back to any Eat  N Park location ever again  and wil never recommend one to any of my friends either. What  a waste of time and money  Plus dealing with callous and lying people  - my goodness   I surely had my patience tested this evening  
Much like every other Eat  n Park  3 or  4 stars worth of chain-diner food   except the last five times I ve been here  the service has been damn  damn  daamn slow. It s always fun to se the staf smoking out back while I ve waited an hour for some scrambled eggs. 
God  i hate eat  n park. Only reason  i have gone is for the salad bar because  u cant find  a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entre iv had here is nothing more than rubbish  except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if  u have little kids 
Went in here to grab  a last minute item  I needed for an outfit.  I wasn t going to hold my breath here either   I know it s  a Marshalls and that doesn t always mean the best selection. It s hit or mis no matter what you are looking for.\n\nThis day  was  a hit  maybe even  a home run.  I do have to admit  the Kenneth Cole shirt  I got not only looked great on me  but made my wallet feel even better  
No pictures   I knew  I should have taken my camera \n\nMy aunt and  I went there today for Mother s day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap  I ve been to the one in Columbus . My aunt had  a chicken dinner  grilled chicken  green beans and potatoes with butter  and  I had their Shanghai sampler which had  a couple of shrimp   a couple of scallops and  a nice piece of salmon  al done perfectly. We didn t order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie  Anyway  dinner was great  and so was the service  thus the five stars  
I m not  a mean reviewer  if you look at the other places I ve reviewed  but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland  with very little seasoning.  I have  a very low sodium tolerance and yet  I stil found this fish to be made to bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as  I took my first bite.  I talked to the waitres and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn t the same. The whole dish was  a fail and  I don t think  I am ever coming back again :  
 I have always had  a great dinner at Mitchell s but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30  the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at al to ask about drinks or even bring water   I started timing. 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostes what had happened and got  a blank stare. Sorry but not going back there again. 
Amazing valentines dinner and service  Curt was simply  a wonderful server and the food was fantastic. \n\nOnly negative was  a few overly salted bites. But as someone who is  a salt minimalist. That could purely be my palate only. 
The tuna was enjoyable and the service was prompt. The house Chardonnay was buttery and was  a good compliment to the fish. It was  a Tuesday night so the place was busy but not crowded. Since  I wasn t \"wowed\" by the place  I won t give it  5 stars but  I had no dissatisfaction to speak of.  I wil be back  if I m not acros the street at the Rock Bottom Brewery . 
First  I would like to say that  I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. \nThat being said   I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp. \nI originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas  the ran out upon my ordering  in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence  the tuna. \nNow the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly  with the rare flavor stil intact. \nI would most definitely come back again and if  I lived in the area  this would be one of my top spots. 
After further consideration  this store does not deserve  a  4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently  which isn t the store s fault  but the severe lack of customer service doesn t help the situation. \n\nWhile shopping here on Friday   I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store.  I would practically walk into  a sales associate but not even receive  a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates   I wil be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future. 
I m not to impressed with this particular Dick s Sporting Goods. It is in  a great location in the Waterfront  but the selection seems  a bit limited to me. They have what you need  but they don t have many options it seems.\n\nI went in there the other day and it looks like they also have  a snowboarding section now  which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting  golfing and biking  in addition to the other regular deptartments. \n\nYour normal Dick s. Nothing spectacular  but it wil do. 
By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the\nWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that  after your long wait in the drive thru  your order wil most definitely be wrong. Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own  a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills. They have al gone down hil in quality  service and cleanliness. The owner has to be the problem. 
  . SO WHAT\"S WITH  140 FOR  A TUNE UP  Wel the story goes like this:\n\nI bring the bike into B prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is  a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 590 ready for the season. Turns out  I don t hear from these guys.  A week goes by ..two weeks..I think that s ok  I have two or thre other bike  I can turn to for  a ride. Then  I wind up going out of town for  a week thinking for sure I l get  a cal from them re: my bike is ready to roll..but no dice. So  I call. Turns out  a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out  is that my fault  . He says \"Should be ready in  a few days\". So  I come in  a few days later to this mammoth bill.  I ask if  I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw   I don t think  I ever got  a straight answer   I look at the bil and can t se  a good breakdown of the charges. Normally  I would \"duke it over\"  a bil like this but  I figured..I had somewhere  I to be 10 minutes ago and at least  I finally have my bike.  I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over  overhauled . But it wasn t. Wel B I l give you  a star because the mechanic did do  a good job in that my cycle shifts wel and the tape job on the bars looks great  nice wrap . Plus I l tos in  a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe  I would have rated B higher if  I was in the market for  a purchase instead of  a simple repair  
 I wrote this review right after  I had bought my bike.  I would like to update to reflect further experiences I ve had with BB.\n\nSo  first of all  one of the shifters on my bike turned out to be defective  not super-unusual for the Shimano short-reach shifters  also totally not the shop s fault - these things happen . Since it was covered under warranty  B switched it out for  a new set of shifters  at no cost to me.  I had my bike back in  a couple days  no mus no fuss.\n\nMy husband got  a used road bike from Craigslist  and we brought it in for  a tuneup. The bike had several things wrong with it  due to  a shoddy assembly job  and B basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it  cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bits.  I can t remember the total cost of this  but it was under  100.\n\nI would totally recommend BB  due to their general awesomeness.  I haven t had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop  even when bringing in  a bike that  I haven t bought there. 
This place makes AWESOME pizza. Also  their Italian hoagies are great. The only problem is that they do not open until 4. 
This is my favorite bakery.  I always get great service and have never been disappointed with anything. Their toasted almond torte is to die for.  I AM ALWAYS POLITE TO THEM  MAYBE THAT S WHY  I GET GREAT SERVICE  
You have never had  a pierogie until you ve driven out to McKees Rocks and picked up  a dozen or so from Pierogies Plus. Made primarily by Polish and Ukranian immigrants  these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the states. \n\nIf the only pierogies you ve ever had were the frozen Mrs. T s you got at Giant Eagle  do yourself  a favor and check Pierogies Plus out. 
In Pittsburgh  there IS no other place to get pierogies. Everything is made by hand  fresh every day. And the mix of languages while you wait is  a real treat  There are over 30 kinds of pierogies and now that they have expanded  there are  a variety of salads and some desserts available too. Don t forget about the haluski and stuffed cabbage  They ve been on the Food Network with Bobby Flay  Food Finds  Dave    Dave from WQED  and in numerous newspaper articles. You won t find anything more authentic or delicious as this place. And they ship too  
Great food   I have been eating at Pierogies Plus since they opened. Great food al around  The Halupki and Halushki are awesome as wel as the Pierogies. 
It wasn t  a busy night at the neighborhood  but you could have been fooled by how long the food took. While it did take  a while everyone was extremely friendly. The food did come out hot  at least mine did  the rest of the plates were plate-warmer hot. Everyone in the table resented me for \"holding back\" the table since they staf pointed out they were waiting on my burger.\n\nWhich hey works as  a segway onto the burger. Quesadilla Burger.  I knew that was  a mistake but  I did it anyways. The patty was sorta flavorful. The toppings were in the bland category. Cheese went MIA. And the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.\n\nA big blah overall  which is sad  since we ve had  a grand ole time and good food in past visits. 
The pizza here is great.  I always pick up  a pizza when  i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza. 
Get the white pizza with bacon. You re life wil never be the same. Never had  a bad experience ordering from R B s. 
 I stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up  a to go pizza. My fiance   a friend and  I were trying pizza from thre different places and Luigi s was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi s many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever  I was looking for  a pizza place  I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area. Whenever  I called to place my order  I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever  I walked into the restaurant. You se there was  a large dining room on the left that was ful of people and  I didn t immediately se the are where  I would get my pizza from. Finally after  a few steps into the restaurant  I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where  I needed to be and  I made my way back there. My pizza was ready for me and  I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me \"Stay out of trouble\".  I really hope that was  a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else. The pizza itself had  a medium thick crust with  a bland sauce which is weird since  I could se  a ton of green herbs in it. The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had  a slightly sour taste to it which  I did not enjoy. Out of the thre different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that  I wil probably not head back to Luigi s in the future.  I just don t se myself making  a trip to Luigi s between the weird experience  although not bad  that  I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby. 
 I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald s. I m not sure what the problem is  but it is never  ever right. It is never quick. The staf is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year  I ve finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend. 
My orders have come out bad pretty much every time  I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I m lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw.  I recently posted  a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous.  I am done going to this Mcd s. 
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area. No matter if it s rice or noodles or chicken or pork  everything tastes off--like it s been overcooked in mop-bucket-water. Try House of Le instead. 
If you have any common sense at all  please don t stay here. Once  it almost burnt down..and I m pretty sure most of the locals were chanting \"burn  baby  burn.\" 
Horrifying. This place should be ashamed of itself. DO NOT STAY HERE. Beyond dirty  just absolutely rank. 
 I got  a pedicure here. Not bad  they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides  which was weird anyway .  I hate to rate  a local shop down  but man my toes hurt. 
STAY AWAY  the owners are so rude  they blatantly say they are not doing wel and then try to pretend they have the best hairdressers in Pittsburgh. they make you feel so unwelcome  advertise they offer  a bunch of services and then when you ask they snap at you that they only do hair. it was so awkward and weird  .  i received warnings not to get my hair done there so  i was going to get  a pedicure because  i had  a gift certificate. she told me her employees wil only take cash if they have to touch  a client s feet.  I may go there just to get bangs trimmed since  i do not want to completely waste the certificate  but this place gives me the creeps  sounds dirty  and has beyond bad customer service. They definitely do NOT know how to run  a busines and it is obvious why they are not doing well. Sue and Kristi pas the phone back and forth because noone wants to take  a call. she reiterates that the busines is doing bad and they need more clients.  i have never experienced  a ruder salon  or should  i say dead beat shack. 
Let me just tel you   I have really  really difficult hair. type 3b Naturally curly  100  grey   I dye it dark and mes with the color myself.    never good  If you want to know where to get  a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since  I have been going to Mane Attractions  I have really LOVED my hair.  I have been going there for about  4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into  a short reverse bob without making me look like  i was wearing  a helmet.    you curly girls know what  I am talking about .  I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom  who is always honest  is impressed. The only complaint  I ever have is that yes  sometimes  I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week.  I just know to cal and schedule things. it is  a smal busines and  I get it. P.S. kids haircuts are only 10  and My daughter loves it. 
Got  a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick  crust was not even crunchy or had taste  and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for  a day or 2. 
Everytime  I eat at this location  I end up with  a sick stomach.  I don t have that problem at other Arby s. The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but  I always get  a sick stomach. Maybe they should relook at their food prep. 
 I cannot imagine  a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity. This is  a store that makes me thankful for Goodwil and The Salvation Army resale stores. The customers and the staf are miserable at Red White and Blue. The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops. Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable  and there are no fitting rooms  One purchases clothes at their own risk    Unlike other stores  there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted   a rare cash only business. To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50  of every day  how is that  a sale  It is bogus pricing. Red White and Blue  uggh  
Prices not great for true thrifters. Staf completely useless. No dressing rooms.  I simply have nothing to say about this place. 
Rating this store is tough because  I want to give it  a 5..I really do.\nHuge selection of clothing  housewares  electronics and furniture  but NO FITTING ROOMS \n\nYes  you read that correctly. No fitting rooms. Are you kidding me     It doesn t completely overshadow the fact that they have great items  but when 95  of what you offer is clothing  you ve got to have  a few rooms for people to try stuf on \n\nThe clothing is organized by style and color  not by size  so be ready to dig. Same thing with the shoes.\n\nI asked  a staf member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirrors hanging side by side on the wall  directly in front of the kitchen section.  I was slightly confused for  a minute and then realized that was my only option.  I decided against even peeking at any pants or blouses and instead went for jackets and sweaters  I could easily try on over my shirt. \n\nNow  the mirrors are directly side-by-side  so if there are two people trying things on over their clothes  so weird   you re going to be right up on top of them. Not to mention you l be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.\n\nA lady  I was chatting with told me that she has seen women come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank tops and spandex tights  hey  those are somehow socially acceptable as pants in public now  anyway   so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing  stil weird .\n\nAs annoyed as  I was about the fitting room situation   I wil probably make  a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store.  I just might have to wear some spandex. 
