 This place has amazing selection   We popped in here  a couple times over the weekend  I spent in PIT and both times they didn t really have   Visit Liquid smoke. Visit Hawaiian rolls.  I know these items must exist in PA just not \n\nThey did  .corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it. My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available. To bad that wasn t    
  1 burger night on Tuesday. Ad ons more.  
 Went with  5 others for  a weeknight dinner. The server was very friendly  but seemed  a little overwhelmed. Maybe they were short handed. The food was to me not even average.  I ordered  a burger    Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it. My friend ordered nachos and   Imagine  6 half-moons of taco shell. Not like any nachos I ve ever seen  and more importantly not even the way they were served the thre prior times my friend had ordered them.  
 Nope   
 Walked in tonight  Wednesday  at 9:50  the place was empty. Asked for  a table  the hostes told us one moment   The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door.   Didn t say  a word to us. Unbelievable  Wil not be back there- rude hostess   
 We recently went here for  a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server  Denice  was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies. She was amazingly accommodating and    I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing. She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves. We were there for  a while and were al on separate checks. I ve been to eateries before   Never once did  I feel unwelcome.  I wil go out of my way to eat here again.  
 Really awesome food and amazing customer service.  I really enjoyed my experience here if  I am back in the area  I wil be certain to come back to this location.  
 Once you go Pei Wei  you never go. PF Chang s  if you can help it . \n\nPei Wei is Chang s super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently  that was the last time  I stepped into  a PF Changs until  I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from  a Pei Wei to  a PF Chang s is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending  a WNBA game; it s so methodical and time consuming.\n\nOn our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in  a section in   By the time we flagged down  a server and everything was sorted out  we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei. Ad in the wait time for  a table  the sauces shtick  and presentation of the check and my head s about to explode. Chang s is more paced for retires and people on dates  not my lifestyle.  I get it  it s  a me problem.\n\nWith that said  the staf is very nice and helpful at this location  star . \nI can get  a beer or alcoholic beverage while  I wait  something that s not an option at Pei Wei   star .\nPlymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar  - that s  a chain first   star .\nI found  a dish  I love not available at Pei Wei  - Salt and Pepper Prawns  star . \n\nSo until  I get sick of the Prawns or  a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market  I l continue to go to this location.  
 This place hit the spot. \n\nStopped here before  a movie and ate at the bar. We got just   \n\nI recommend the fried green beans with aioli - so good     And this trip  I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef  it was extremely fresh and delish  so      
 I ve had bad experiences here  a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven t heard back. Bad service al around  Basically  we ordered our food  they ran out of    .hm   Really  you don t get much for   Its not very good at all.  
 PROS: Great selection and excellent service. They had knowledgable personnel on the floor  manager    \n\nCONS: Traffic to the store  one lane  got pretty congested. Wouldn t give me  a coupon that  I had forgotten at home but that s not  a big deal.  
  I head straight back to the clearance  That s   You wil be able to se your savings   Im  a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year  - boots  galoshes and sandals never go out of style.  
 They make  a nice breakfast for les than the tip form dinner the night before. That s not bad   
 The lobster rolls were delicious  the blackened fish tacos were light and flaky  not to spicy and had  a nice salsa. The white sangria was very refreshing and not to alcoholic. The outdoor view of the river was really enjoyable and the service was quick.  
 After further consideration  this store does not deserve  a  4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently    \n\nWhile shopping here on Friday   I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store.  I would practically walk into  a sales associate but not even receive  a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates   I wil be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future.  
 living alone  I love the  5 for  20 deals they have on meat.  I also love Faygo products   They don t have as many stores in the area but they are worth checking out. The lines are  a lot shorter and the staf is  a lot friendlier.  
  A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park acros the road but we decided not to after   We   The kids next to us   You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we   Must  I say more  bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hel out of that area cause if you cal  a shank  a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.  
 By far the worst McDonald s in the world. Employees are to busy playing grab as behind the counter  to get your order correct. Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order  after waiting   I ve even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru  only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac. Save yourself the aggravation  and do not go here.  
 This is the best bike store I ve walked into. Their primary focus is on racing bikes  but  as I m not  a racer  the service stays top notch in much lower price ranges.\n\nGot greeted by the staff  and my girlfriend and  I got the luxury of absolutely no pressure as we walked around and looked at bikes. She explained    I wound up talking to another person working there  and let them try to find  a bike that fit.  I m 6 8\"  and as  I found out  fit pretty wel on an XXL Scot 65cm frame. \n\nAnyways  back to my girlfriend s experience.   And then   After she figured out yes  that was the bike  the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her; he wound up switching out the stem  adding  a seat with  a little more travel  and getting everything just so. There was no hurry. There was no pressure.\n\nThe amount of interest that the staf s \n\nAnd  update:  I went out the other day  and asked for  a price on  a bike costing about 25  of the bike  I tooled around on there two weeks ago. Without batting an eye  and without  a hint of bike snobbery  the owner ran of to figure out    I talked to him about the differences between  a double and triple  and he spent twenty minutes explaining the pros and cons  and gave  a strong suggestion on the double. \n\nThat said  the price he quoted me was also 10  under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike.  I asked for the price of an upgrade to  a single part on the new bike  and he quoted me about half the price  I expected from doing research on the internet. \n\nCustomer-friendly  wel priced  super-high-quality bicycles. A++.\n\n\nEdit   4 years later: \n\nGlen  Beth  and the rest of the crew here are stil there  and stil awesome. My girlfriend is now my wife. My lowend Trek road bike now has more miles on it. :- \n\nIt s stil  a much longer drive to get to Big Bang  but for any work on my bike  I m glad to make the drive. Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro     
 Great customer service   
 Pizza is very hit or miss.     The pizza  even   Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.  
  I have been looking for  3 years for good crab rangoon  -  I finally found it  We had boneles ribs that were absolutely wonderful. Definitely going back   
 This place has some amazing homemade pierogies   I had never eaten anything besides the usual Mrs. T. s potato types and boy  was  I missing out  We stopped one night and got  a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato. You can buy them hot or take them home cold. There is  a smal table outside to eat  but only standing room to order inside.\n\nThey had special order pierogies that sounded amazing  but they suggest  a  2 day advance order for those. They said sometimes they wil have leftover specialty ones for sale  but it al depends on the day. \n\nThey also have haluski  stuffed cabbage and other things that  I am looking forward to trying next time.  
 WARNING: ADDICTING POTATOE VERSION OF CRACK --CHEAP  frozen  cold or hot. PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm--g8 food. Outside in good weather there is  a couple little tables to sit at.  but not during the winter/early spring. MOST CUSTOMERS ARE TO GO TAKE HOME  . hours monday 11-6  tues-friday 11-7 - closed sat/sun  
 Good pierogies  but after also having Szmidts in Greenfield recently  this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me.    
 ew  
 The  7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb   Nuf said.  
  A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls   
  I have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at Mane Attractions for over  5 years  by Sue  the owner.  I am always extremely happy with the way my hair looks. My hair is very fine and  I don t have  a    I never wanted it shorter than shoulder length  but decided recently to make  a change. Because I m getting older  and other methods of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were to expensive  or didn t work   I wanted to try  a shorter cut. The cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker.  I have had several compliments on the cut  one from another hairstylist   Sue is also reasonable  charging  80 for my cut and hi-lights.  I wil admit that  I had to wait outside the salon once    I wil take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color  I get   
 Wo Hoo  Dead Lady.\n\nThis thrift store rocks.  I have been doing this for more years that  I haven t been  and it is the best in the city.\n\nI would make  a weekly trek to RWB  and would never be disappointed. These were the days   Still  recently  there is always  a treasure to be had  especially in the housewares department. The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch.  .\"dead lady.\"  
 
