Good club for  a good laugh. High food prices  most comedy clubs are    2 item min. The food was les than stellar.  I wouldve enjoyed Burger King more. \n\nService was decent   I believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle  a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses.  I get grouchy    
 They have good acts coming around here  and often give out fre tickets  particularly ine summer. I ve never actually paid ful price for  a ticket here. \n\nThe two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though..I don t mind the requirement so much  but the quality isn t good and the prices are high. Our four items total came to about  30  two appetizers and two beers  and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the servers aren t even very friendly. Also beware..they have  a lot of rules here. They won t seat til the   etc.\n\nThe \"box office\" is also weird..you get your tickets at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot..then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the workers are just sitting right there  so  I don t get the  \n\nAl in al though  the seats are comfy enough  the atmosphere is pretty nice  and the acts are good.  
  I always enjoy  a good comedy club and though I m  a loyal Helium fan   I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose  a great location  with surrounding restaurants of al genres and fun bars and shopping. \n\nWe bought tickets to se  a comedian  I had never heard of  he was decent  for  25 each with  a two item purchase minimum.  I really dislike that rule but you can t really get around it. \n\nThe only thing  I didn t like  aka hated  was having to wait in line outside before the s  It was freezing  They should put heaters outside. seriously.  
 I m HUGE SNL fan  so naturally if someone   Some have been really great..Jim Breuer. Some have been  surprisingly  very bad..Tracy Morgan. But it s always been  a pleasant experience at the venue. There s not  a bad seat in the house and it s smal enough that you get to se and hear everything from the stage. Beware if you sit in the very front  you KNOW  \n\nA couple downsides. \n\nWaiting outside in  a line in the dead of winter. The lobby is so smal you re forced to wait outside until the first s  And if you want  a good seat  you may be waiting in line for  a while. BURR \n\nThe two drink minimum.  I kinda get   But this means they jack up the prices of watered down drinks. Better to stick with beer and wine at these places. No frou frou drinks for me  \n\nAlso  as to be expected  the food s not that great. In  a perfect foodie world  places that served food would make it fantastic  Since that s not going to happen  you just go into those places hoping for the best. I ve never had anything great here. Nacho platter to many re fried beans  to little nacho s..annd I m out  \n\nSo   Good venue  stick to beer and wine and eat at  a better restaurant beforehand. The talent is really    
 I ve been here twice now  and like the others you really only come to Improve Comedy Club for the s  Very reasonably priced for s \n\nThe food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the s  Having  a fre appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken  - hmm.  I think the chicken was frozen  - definitely not fresh  - and the guacamole was artificial with  a glop of cheese. It looked like  a mes with big ole pile of fries.  A lot of food for  10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18 .  
 There s nothing like  a Saturday night filled with some good laughs   a few chuckles and  a couple of good guffaws thrown in for good measure. That s exactly  \n\nWe hit the comedy club for an evening of Tammy Pescatelli  - the hubby and  I have enjoyed her routine on TV and on the occasional DVE morning s  She didn t fail to give us  a good evening of laughs  The big surprise  was Gene Collier  - yep  of the Post-Gazette sports writer fame  - as the opener.   He cracked wise about the perils of being 58 and  a baby boomer. We could relate \n\nThe sightlines were lacking. There was  a rather large woman at the table in front of us with massive Pittsburgh BIG HAIR. Al night long my own head bobbed from side to side as  I attempted to actually watch the s  \n\nWith  a  2 drink minimum  my first drink was weak and the 2nd was quite strong  Al in all  the two balanced each other out. But then  you don t go for the drinks  do you  An enjoyable evening   
 Tom Green was appearing here on Jan 22  2012. He was hilarious. \n\nThe Improv is an excellent comedy club  in past s  Much like Live from the Improv on TV  the brick back drop makes it feel like the NYC Improv. \n\nHint: eat else  Dave Attel is  a regular at both places. Two drink minimum  drink them slow and go else   
 My friends     I al purchased Groupons for the Pittsburgh Improv on or around March 22nd  2012. At that time  only  a few big name comedians were listed on the Improv s website as Special Events. You can use the Groupon on anything that isn t  a Special Event. That seemd reasonable. The day the Groupons were purchased  my friend Katrina called    reserved two tickets to Jim Jeffries for 3/30 at 10pm. They allowed her to use her Groupon    gave her  a confirmation code    everything  Shortly after  they changed many of the comedians on their website  including Jim Jeffries  to Special Events.   The same thing happened to many of my friends. It s  a classic bait    switch. These comedians were NOT Special Events until after the Groupon came out. In addition  other restrictions  such not being able to use the Groupons on Saturdays    having to use the additional four vouchers for one s  \n\nSo tonight  my friends     I had pretty much resolved ourselves to the fact that we were not going to the Improv because they wouldn t allow us to use our Groupons. But  I walked over to the Wil Cal window with my friend Katrina so she could at least get her tickets. Big surprise  - she was told they didn t have her reservation or her name in their computers  They wouldn t give her the tickets. It s an absolute joke of  a deal.   if al of the s  \n\nIn addition  no one at the Improv answers the phones or responds to emails. \n\nMy friends     I  about 10 of us total  are al getting refunds through Groupon and/or our credit card companies    we are al reporting the Improv to the Better Busines Bureau  etc. \n\nThe Pittsburgh Improv is extremely shady    does not care about their customers.  
 You know that place   Wel the Improv for me is one of these places.\n\nI am thankful to have  a venue to se some of my favorite comedians. Most recently  I saw Hannibal Burris  Tommy Johnigan and Doug Benson. Al thre performances were  a hooting good time. \n\nOn Saturday afternoon at 2:20pm  I went to se Doug Benson  I was accompanied by my boyfriend. You may know Doug Benson from the hit documentary \"Super High Me.\"\n\nOk so: \nPROS \nWonderfully talented comedians \nClean bathrooms \nPretty wait staf \nhas Coors Light on tap    5.75 per draft  \nEvery seat in the house is  a good seat \n\nCons:\nExpensive drinks\nExpensive food \nFlavorles food \nDirty silverware \nFar from my house \nMayo with french fries \n\nAny way   I have enjoyed al my visits to the Waterfront.  I can certainly se myself seeing more s  The club is wel maintained and the wait staf is friendly. \n\nBring  a lot of money with you  you re going to need it.  I don t know if it s true every  \n\nThey served us warm Mayo with our fries    That sh*t was gross. It was both gros and also unusual.\n\nAny   
 The place does   The food    Blah.\n\nFirst off  If you go to  a s  This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks  you are REQUIRED to choose two items each. \n\nSecond  the sodas are NOT FRE REFILLS   I learned that one the hard way. Get water. \n\nThird  before tipping your server  please make sure she hasn t already taken her cut out. Even after paying for two very bland  overpriced meals and way to many Diet Cokes   I thought that my bil was rather high. Upon further inspection   I noticed that my server had taken an 18  gratuity. The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity wil be taken out for parties of six or more  but there was only two of us and we weren t even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18  even though  I typically tip wel over 20 . \n\nOverall   I don t like the idea of being required to purchase food just to se  a comedy s   I can se    
 The Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution  some specific examples at the end .\n\nThe setup is nice   a delightful--if  a bit sterile--reproduction of   The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it s an OK atmosphere to se  a s \n\nIt s to small    Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan  Louis CK  Second City--al perform else \n\nBut the biggest problem is the food and drink. They re very up front about their mandatory two item minimum  but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaf at least several times during the s  The prices are wel above  .but the food is bad. You re forced to either  a  buy extremely overpriced drinks  3.50 for  a soda  for example  with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills   or  b  buy moderately overpriced food    I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable  until  a few bites in  I decided I d rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.\n\nStill   I think this place has  a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians. Two stars for now  with high hopes for improvements.\n\nA few specific drawbacks    I know this isn t uncommon  but at  a venue   Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear. It s not that hard.\n2  - Put the drink prices on the website too. An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews  and she once said \"Our menus and pricing are listed on our website   \" I m calling shenanigans. Not al the prices are on the website   \n3  - Reminding me to tip my server during the s  It s kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one s customers.\n4  - Since the  3.50 soft drinks don t come with fre refills  the servers shouldn t ask \"would you like  a refil on that \" or anything of the sort. They should ask \"would you like another one \" instead. They should also respond to requests for refills by saying \"we don t offer refills  but I d be happy to get you another one.\" Just because there s  a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn t mean people al figure it out. Most patrons don t even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if al they want is  a standard beverage offered almost every   
  I love the Improv.  I think its  a great way to start or spend  a night  Nothing like  a laughter filled night.  I think its great that we get so many great comedians coming our way  Owen Benjamin  Pablo Francisco super funny Tammy Pescatelli not so much. \n\nThings you should be aware of: The staf is really strict on the  2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drinks.  I kinda wish their menu was  a little bit more extensive. Their service is spotty\n\nThe wait staf is  a little iffy.  I have been here MANY times and sometimes  I get an attentive waitres and sometimes not. Most recently our waitres was rude  didn t bother with pleasantries and barely took notice of us. Also beware of the fact they automatically ad gratuity. If our waitres was nice  I would be more than glad to ad to it but this time  I was like no way \n\np.s. when  I used my groupon  I didn t have any trouble  
   The improv is  a great place to go for  a good s  The venue is clean. The comedians are good  for the price  and many times you get  a steal and can se  a great comedian for  a low price  i.e.Tommy Johnagin .   This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I ve been to the Improv about  3 times over the past  4 months and have seen the same opening acts  a few times.  I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh  As noted in other reviews  another area of improvement is the drinks and food.  I always attend the late s  The food is mediocre bar food at best. Nothing more needs to be said about that.  I definitely don t mind the two drink minimum. I ve been known to consume more than two drinks in one setting but  the drinks are insanely overpriced.  5 for  a Miller Lite   4 for  a Snapple   10 for  a fountain drink with refills. You re better of having your two drinks during the s   . or four. In addition  since they started offering  a large Groupon discount  the Improv has been packed. Be aware that if you only have two people in your party  they may seat strangers at your table    
 We came to the Improv for the first time on Friday night for my wife s work holiday party. We arrived early for dinner and drinks from  a predetermined menu. Dinner started with  a salad of clearly bagged  almost brown iceberg lettuce  with some croutons and frozen-then-thawed looking tomatoes that were pinkish at best.  I took  a few bites of this unappetizing poor excuse for  a salad  and  I can tel you it was downright tragic. Dinner arrived and since there wasn t any vegetarian options on this predetermined menu  we received  a dish that was supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted. It was  a huge pile of spaghetti in  a bowl. It looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked. The pasta was overcooked  and the tomato sauce was just watered down pur\u00e9ed canned tomatoes.  I saw traces of onion in my dish but didn t taste them at all.  I was so hungry that  I salted the heck out of this abomination and took  a few bites. Yuck.  I didn t make  a dent in this crapfest. For dessert we were given  a choice of chocolate cake    The chocolate cake had freezer burn. Inexcusable  It wasn t edible. The cheesecake was only  a hair better  but it had obviously come out of the freezer as well.  I know people aren t coming here for the food  but if you are FORCING them to order things of of your menu to fulfil some outdated requirements  two drink/two menu item minimum  then at least make some halfway decent food. It doesn t even have to be memorable..just not OFFENSIVE.   Had  I paid for any of this  I would have made  a huge stink  but  I tried to be polite and push my food around and make smal talk. \n\nThe comedians were good. The venue was nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our \"event\". Not always the best thing in  a comedy club  we only got picked on  a little bit . But damn   I was hungry   I found myself fantasizing about al of the crappy Waterfront restaurants and  . . . . \n\nMy car was also violated in the parking lot.  I had an adorable German license plate on the front of my adorable German car    I feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as  a  \n\nThe Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to  a catering company.  I truly believe that s the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself  a favor and eat beforehand  and just order  a beer. Well  two  I guess. Other diners at our table complained about the quality of the cocktails so I d steer clear of those. Unles there is  a can t mis type of comedian here   I can t ever picture going back to the Improv. I d give the comedians  4 stars  and the food ZERO stars.  
 Spent New Years Eve at the Comedy Club to bring the new year.\n\n\nI am new but it was  a good time. We had unlimited champagne  fruit and cheese. The comedy was good.\n\nThe service was great.\n\nThe atmposhere was okay but it was  a comedy clud :- . \n\nYou should check it out  - Comedy clubs bring  a little spice to the city :- \n\nEnjoy   
 Good   I can t comment on the food or the bathrooms  but from   The drinks were decent  and  I believe you must order two items at minimum. The staf is quick  but they should have more people working on  a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.\n\nThe comics we saw were funny as well. Wil definitely go back   
  I was so excited   That is funny because as  I was telling people about going it became clear there are  A LOT of people that haven t. Oh Well. Let me mention this was my first time there.\n\nSo  I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum. Wel to my pleasant surprise there was no wait  walked right in  greeted  an usher s  This was nice.  I wil say that the s  There were already people seated so we were by no means very early  and heck there were people with ful course meals and tables of 10. The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu  leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month  but they did have  a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for  6.00. Now that may seem rather expensive and it is  but doable so  I indeed did it. My husband got  a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks. We opted not to eat there  as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and  I wil get to that review later..\n\nSo the s  There were moments that  I think the comedians may have went of track and were just bantering  but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable. There were  a total of  4 comedians  the MC  and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them. \n\nThe one or two things  I didn t like about the place. The bathrooms are in the lobby. As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people   This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket   The same also goes for smoking. Since we were so early  I took  a break and it was again awkward reentering. Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand   A ticket stub  Not sure but  I know  I would have felt better unlike feeling like  I was sneaking into the place. \n\nI would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope  I always have  a rather positive experience   
 It isn t often that my wife and  I get to go out  but we had tickets to se the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv  we may as wel eat there too.  I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had   We were handed  a paper menu with  4 items on it   There was no other menu at the table and our waitres didn t offer us one either. She wanted our order  but as we were looking around the place  we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us.   The table next to us handed over their menus so we had something to work with. Our drinks came  we finally put our orders in..and that was the last time we saw our waitres for almost  a ful 30 minutes.   After 30 minutes  I was finally going to get  a second beer  \" \"  we asked. \"Oh\"  was her answer. Now  according to the menu  dinner came with  a side salad   a complimentary glas of champagne  and  a chocolate mousse dessert. That s al good and fine. After  a couple of minutes  someone  not our waitress  finally brought out our meals.  \". Really     \"Do you want me to take your food back \" After almost 45 minutes at this point  we had received  1 round of drinks and had seen our waitres only twice and had just received our food. No   I don t want you to take our food back  Halfway through eating our meals    She asked us   We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn t want them. REALLY     Is this  a joke  Is it some  Sadly  no. The service didn t get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa  Lisa and Mat al put on  a hilarious s  Wil  I ever go back  Don t know. It took us an hour and  a half to drive the 16 miles to get there  thanks to traffic.  I do know that if we do it again  we wil leave the house much earlier and eat some  The two drink minimum works at the improv because you wil not get your waitres to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you re interested   I am  a chef   So  yes   I do have  a preconceived notion as to   Even on Valentine s Day.  
  I went here for the first time the other night and had  a great time  The comedian was hilarious and it was  a great intimate setting for  a fun night out with friends  My only complaint was that it was  a little pricey for the overal experience because not only do you need to buy  a ticket  but every person needs to buy  2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren t cheap  around  10-12 .    
 Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The s  The headliner  while  a bit long  was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Wil definitely go back.  
 If The Improv chain didn t bring in such amazing comedians  this place would be totally screwed. \n\nI always have fun watching the comedians  but  I can t help but leave with such  a bitter taste in my mouth from  \n\nFirst you buy the tickets  but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge. The real kicker is having to buy  a minimum of  2 items during the s  Cocktails are  11- 13.  I think glasses of wine are around  8. There is  a pretty good selection of food options. \n\nThe improv does have  a lot of great comedians   Even the opening acts are generally great  Line up early if you want  a great seat right in the front  \n\nThe point is   a night at the Improv wil be fun  but if you aren t prepared for it  it can end up being  a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair.  
 Great night out.  I don t know if Christopher Titus set the ticket price or the club did  but at  25  a ticket  we wil be going back often. Great line up of top name acts coming to town. extremely nice staff. highly recommend.  
 Absolutely loved it at the Improv   I saw Sheryl Underwood and she was fantastic. It was my first time being at the Improv. After years of saying that  I wanted to go  it really did meet my expectations  The ambiance is inviting  with warm lighting and  a good amount of seating for  a smaller place. We were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating  though we were encouraged to fil the seats in the front by the stage first. The seating is layered in tiers. Each tier has  a long booth with tables and chairs for seating. It was very comfortable  roomy and an interactive set up. The stage is close to the seating  some tables are right at the stage  with little space between you and the comedian    We arrived at the Improv around 9:45 pm for  a s  We waited in line until the doors opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm  so they were really behind schedule. The s  The s  The only negatives were that the staf was not very friendly and immediately told me that  I have to buy  a minimum of two items of of the menu.   30/ticket isn t enough    I was not hungry and did not want to drink  so this was  a bit frustrating  especially because it wasn t disclosed on the ticket or any  The server did not hold us to the  2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and  I got away getting  3 drinks for the night. The food menu looked great and the prices seemed reasonable  though if you want water you are looking at  5 for Fiji or sparkling. It was  8 for  a glas of wine.  1 for bottomles soda  complete with  a take home Improv glass. The other thing that  I didn t like was that an employe takes your tickets while you re waiting in line and marks your hands with  a dry erase marker. After one bathroom trip  the mark was gone  so  I think they need  a more effective way to mark you as an already paid customer since the employe takes your proof of purchase. These negatives did not affect my overal experience negatively and  I would most certainly go back  It is  a fun place    
 So..we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has stil not received his chicken sandwich.  I had\nMy shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good  But hour plus for  a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back..dryer than sand. And my fianc\u00e9s chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible  in fact  she didn t eat more than  3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be some   
 This is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here s   They sel beer \n2. Huuge produce selection\n3. Natural/organic foods section: cereal  pasta  soups  etc and fancy chocolate bars\n4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican  indian  italian  asian and    of course  jewish\n5. Functioning bakery with fresh  appetizing breads and desserts  I am stil loyal to Allegro Hearth though \n\nThe store is huge and  I haven t been to al of it yet but they also have nicer flowers  balloons  home/seasonal section  DVD rentals and  a photo center as wel as  a drive-through pharmacy. \n\nIt seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes.  
 Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county  if not al of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than    I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle  but  I often drive to this location for the superior selection.  
 Nice Giant Eagle  not as nice as their new Market Districts  but you can look at this Giant Eagle and se   Fresh made sushi  good cheese selection  awesome bakery.  
 Wahh  They re remodeling this one and it s frustrating   I swear  I don t mind change.  I really don t~  I should have seen this coming. There were telltale signs of this happening. First  they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store   That s A-ok with me   I didn t use the pharmacy anyway. \n\nBut THEN  THEN they moved the   They put my spaghetti and \"ethnic food\" section  by the way   I love that ethnic food includes spaghetti  to   My kitty food is now   Can you tel   \n\nDid  I mention  I don t mind change  But here s the thing   I really hate grocery shopping. It s kinda sorta my own fault because  I must read every label to make sure I m not eating something with 25 grams of fat and 50 calories  even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time.  So going to this Giant Eagle frequently was nice because  I KNEW WERE EVERYTHING WAS. Now  I don t..wahh  \n\nOk  I l stop crying.  I know I l eventually be back. I m sure      it wil be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they re done. But  I can t take it for right now. I l be forced to shop at the Ghetto Bird down in the Southside until my former store is al shiny and new again.  
  I like this Giant Eagle.\nThey have the organic section and they re currently Feb 2011  in the proces of remodeling too   \n\nPROS:\nAlways seems to be decent parking available;\nThey have those cute little double-tier carts;\nOrganics section;\nWine Vending Machine  that s freaking awesome--Yay  Pennsylvania  ;\nLots of Self-Check-Out lanes;\n\nCONS:\nSometimes the staf is  a bit cranky  but that can occur anywhere   i guess ;  
 As far as GE s go  this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is wel organized. You can find  a lot of ethnic ingredients you can t get at other GE stores. They also offer  a wine kiosk  hot bar  salad bar  and bulk olives.  I would venture to say this is better than the market district.  
 You re getting an extra star for two solid reasons. \n\nOne is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again  and  a bit fancier . Two  and the most important part  this iggle has the best quality and wel made sushi out of any Iggle s out there  Believe me  I ve eaten many  a rainbow rol from many different locations around the Burgh and nothing has compared. Dare  I say  it s as close as you get to going to  a good sushi restaurant. Bold statement  right  \n\nI just love me some sushi and want it often  quick and convenient and this serves al those purposes with upholding the quality. Need  a quick sushi fix  This place is it   
 This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I ve ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to   Went to their cheese market  and was pleasantly surprised with the selection.  I got Beemster Vlaskas  an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.  
 This is  a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab  a quick bite from the prepared foods section  but  I was rather impressed by   It was  9 oclock at night  and they stil had  a huge section of prepared foods available. The Starbucks inside was closed  probably due to the fact it was  a Sunday night  but that is another plus   
 I m with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being  a pretty Giant Eagle and  a Cafe with  a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you  Waterfront Giant Eagle  are not bad and pretty close to    
  I found everything  I needed and  I liked the expansion  the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke   \n\nGreat store.  
 This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing of for the sake of convenience once  I really should have known better . Never again. My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide    The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than   Being that it s  a pencil skirt designed to have  a blouse tucked in  there s no way that  I can wear it again. This was an expensive skirt  completely ruined. Very disappointed. Again  this review is just for the dry cleaners. The rest of the store is actually better than  a lot of other GE s I ve been to in Pittsburgh. Just don t take your dry cleaning here.  
 I ve stopped by here  a few times  most recently tonight  to pick up random groceries. This store is located next to one of the bike trails that  I frequent  hence its convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.\n\nOn the positive side   I appreciate the size of this store and the selection of products. In terms of size  it s larger than the Shadyside Market District  my normal grocery store  hence my standard of comparison   and I d say the product selection is very similar. Unlike the MD    Because it s not  a Market District  the prices are  a bit les expensive   \n\nOn the negative side  the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customers and/or employees  despite that I ve only purchased  a couple of items at  a time. The \"express\" lanes move at the speed of molasses  and the self-checkouts are even worse. Speaking of  \n\nPrior to tonight   I would have awarded this store  a rating of  4 or perhaps even 4.5.   None of the normal expres checkout lanes were staffed with cashiers  despite that  I saw at least one employe loafing around talking to another. So   I was forced to use one of the many self-checkout lanes. Normally   I don t mind this  esp.   So   I moved over to one of the expres self checkout lanes  similar to those in the Shadyside MD      \n\nI m not sure if the self-checkout stands that GE uses are standard in the industry  since I ve never used them any  In order to use the self-checkout stations  each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale  and if the weight isn t correct for any reason  including using your own bag   an employe is summoned to check it.  I assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting  but  1  it s  a major PITA for both customers and employees;  2  most of the employees  including the one  I dealt with tonight  don t care  and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining   and walk out  /rant\n\n3.5 stars.  
  I don t know    I lived in the area for  a little over thre years and would always go to another GE before this one. Maybe it s the way it s set up or maybe it s the way that the lighting seems so very dim.\n\nThe selection is typical for any GE  broad and expansive. Some prices are  a bit steep. \n\nThis location  like many others  has expanded their pharmacy/health care area.    
 One comfy seat in the entire place  but they have  a cafe  they have good books to look at  and they are open until 11pm.     And  a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure. Wow..I love this place.  I am such  a nerd..only  a nerd would enjoy going to  a book store and reading as much as  I do. The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable.  
 Like any Barnes    Noble  it has  a nice comfy cafe  and  a large selection of books. The staf is very friendly and helpful. They stock  a decent selection  and the prices are pretty reasonable. Obviously it s hard for them to compete with Amazon.    
  I stil cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores  As  a result of this  I have ended up spending  a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location. As with al Barnes and Noble stores it has  a cafe and  a decent selection of popular titles.  I am  a bit surprised at   \n\nThe bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through. The selection is ok in that it is wel stocked but sometimes  a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books  les popular titles are  a bit hard to find. The customer service here is pretty good.\n\nThey could use more chairs.  
 Great Barnes and Noble location  and they have plenty of books that l help you pas the time.  
 Barnes    Noble  it s like the Wal-Mart of bookstores. Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike. \n\nI m not quite sure whether I m in  a cafe  at  a newspaper stand   a book store   a CD shop   a movie house or  a flea market sometimes. With al the tables and shelves that you have to dodge it s  a bit hard to figure it out. Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.\n\nI don t know about y all  but I d rather buy my books from  a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than  a national chain like this.  
 Such nice staff. \n\nI really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up  a new book. \n\nThe store has  a great selection and the staf are always helpful and kind. \n\nI really hope this store stays here for some. The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.  
  I have to agre with Matthew  U on this one.  I do enjoy Barnes    Nobles but sometimes  i get lost just trying to find  a darn calendar.  I went here after  a dinner date with some neighbors and couldn t believe   We had to wait 10 minutes just to find enough chairs to seat  4 people. We ended up stealing them from other tables. Not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minutes just to get an Ice tea lemonade.\n\nSo amidst al the books  newspapers and magazines they have an audio and video section. The prices aren t anything to rave about.  I can buy the same movies online for  a lot cheaper there s just the waiting period.  I do shop here sometimes for there discount books.  I found  a lot of great recipe and mystery books for really cheap  like under  5. That s  a pretty good deal but considering there is  a half priced book store   \n\nB N is more of  a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask   I d rather shop online for anything  i really want. It s just not worth it to buy it    
 Are B N not allowed to have lounge areas anymore   I used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chairs and sit there al day. but  I feel like within the last  4 years or so   I haven t been in  a single B N that had such areas anymore.  I love books and have always felt that B N can give you  a good deal. But I m not  a fan of this particular location because it s not that big. Although  it is pretty clean \n\nThe Starbucks area they have is okay. The starbucks employees in these types of locations are always not the best..but  I don t go there for the coffe obviously.  I do find it annoying that they don t take Starbucks giftcards though  -  I believe they take B N giftcards and you can also apply your B N membership discount.\n\nAlso  their bathrooms are pretty atrocious. If you can hold it   I would advise you to hold it.\n\nParking: the location is within  a shopping area..so  I wouldn t say it has it s own private lot per se  but it s an open lot and not actual  street parking.   
 one of my favorite places to go in pittsburgh with friends. good place to chill  eat  drink and watch the game  and maybe some pool afterwards. the food is not bad  they have pretty good deals for those   \"dollar burger night\"   iceberg wedge salad is  a good salad to have  the wings arent as good as you would like   i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overal its  a nice place to go because it s cleaner than most bars you wil go and it serves better food than other places as well.  
 Nice venue  good food  great beer  awful service. Staying at the Sheraton here I ve patronized Bar Louie  a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time  without exception.  
  I stopped here yesterday with Rob and Mat after golf to have  a few drinks prior to seeing \"The Hangover\" at Loews acros the street. Incidentally  \"The Hangover\" is one of the funniest movies I ve seen in years and worth the  10 to se it in the theater. Okay  back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice. There are plenty of hightops  plasmas and  a few booths. It s spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows. We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender    I ordered  a guinnes as usual  Rob ordered  a long island iced tea and Mat had  a miller light. Make sure and tel them if you want  a top shelf tea else you l be getting the stuf in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob s long island tea and it was not that good way to much sours. The next one he ordered was much better after  a little guidance to the bartender. The bartender herself was okay  not to friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don t remember her name   We ordered  a few things from the appetizer menu. We started with the chips and salsa. The chips were crisp enough  but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were  a little of kind of looked like the color of pea soup. Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay  I gues the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions. He asked for  a side of mayo and they said they were out    This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie s I ve been too. They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service. Maybe I m being to critical.  I tried to order the baked goat cheese  but they were out. So   I settled on the hummus appetizer. This was surprisingly pretty good. The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible. It s probably best to stick to simple stuf   Mat had the hot wings   Al in al this place isn t that bad. If you want to grab  a drink before or after the movie and you re more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.  
 Fantastic food.\n This place is mainly  a \"bar\" and does get crowded but  I really like the pizza here. In fact I ve never had  a bad meal. The staf are ussually very helpful but it does get  a bit loud inside    
 Don t even think about not getting the pretzel dippers its pretzel sticks with honey mustard  cinnamon butter  and  a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were al delish.  I also got the bruschetta   5-7 M-F is 1/2 of appetizers so  I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for  7 bucks as  a meal. The menu had  a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed  a pear and chicken salad. We didn t get drinks but some looked good.  
 An absolute must if you re going to  a movie and want  a drink   3 drafts and  5 special martinis  and some half-of apps on  a weekday from  5 to 7.   No gin or vermouth was used  it s mostly purees and champagne floats with flavored vodkas.\n\nAnyway  the smal plates made for good \"upscale\" bar food. Half-price apps make for  a cheap  but nice  dinner and  a movie  - great  great specials.   Nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price. The baked goat cheese was smal but delicious  and the tempura fried shrimp was just right but the sauces didn t match up exactly.\n\nBe warned that the seats make you feel like you re going to be swallowed by them. Seriously  the booth was like sitting in the mouth of  a whale.  
 The Pros: Great view of the city and river in good weather. \nLovely for loud large groups\nVaried menu with some original items\nGreat place to watch  a game inside with  a huge bar\nFun location\nGood place to take out of towners.\n\nThe Cons: The food   We got the wrong sandwich  our order wasn t as described because the kitchen was out of \"lots of things\"  Tel us    \nCan be loud--not  a place for  a romantic date..\nThe bathroom condition was really bad.\n\nThe server did comp up an appetizer  and they were friendly enough. they just failed to wow. \n\nThe view was great  and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to \"Pour some sugar on me\" seriously      Yes  Classy eh   
 Went there on Saturday night following  a movie at loews. We sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their multiple large flatscreen tvs. Ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadillas. The calamari was crisp and plentiful the quesadilla   It wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey. The menu is large and reminds me of epcot with al the different ethnicities represented. gordan Ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight. Miller Lites are  4  a pop   \n\nGreat atmosphere and probably  a fine place to watch the pens game.\nFood looks like its hit or miss\n\nAl in al would rather drive down the road to the south side for  a post movie food grub and tottie.  
 The words \"epic fail\" get thrown around  a lot these days..but  I really feel like they apply in this situation.\n\nWe went on Friday  April  2 and arrived at 5:10pm. It was busy  but not crowded..no waiting for  a table. Half price apps and drinks - we ordered at 5:20.\n\nThe food  just appetizers  mind you..  didn t arrive til almost 6pm. Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow. We placed one order for  6 draft beers at 6:15..they arrived at 6:52. *37 minutes for beer.*\n\nBy 7:00  we were canceling food orders   We just wanted to leave.\n\nInstead of comping anything  they added 18  gratuity to each of our bills. Uh yeah. Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back. We finally were able to leave around 7:30.\n\nBar Louie: You are dead to me.  
 Service has always been good and the food consistent  we usually come for happy hour  \n\nThings that stand out to me: veggie wrap  fried zucchini  hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter  and house salad with ranch  their ranch is so good  I could eat it with  a spoon   
 Let me just say that this used to be  a place  I loved.\n\nRemember   Wel one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in  a way that you can t describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me  that is Bar Louie\n\nI can t say the food is bad.  I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale.  I wil say  I stil ate them so shame on me. My sandwich  the Mario  as always was very good.\n\nNow here comes the bad:\n\n1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE.  I felt like we were eating on top of  a garbage dump. At one point  I had to get  a new drink because one flew in my beer.  I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.\n\n2. The place is enormous and they had one  very nice  but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have  a heart attack because she never stopped moving.\n\n3. Because of number two our service in general was not good.  I can t totally blame the girl she did the best we could.  I mean. I ve played Diner Dash on my iPad   I know  \n\nIt s sad    I think I m being very generous by giving it two stars but because  I used to love it so much  I can t rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better  but like an absente father it l just let me down again.  
 We were going to se  a movie that started at 9:40pm. The  2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30. We sat outside  and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping  a waitres but was told  this isn t my table . Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle  and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka. After about 15minutes another waiter  maybe the manager  I don t know  asked if we had been waited on. We said yes  and told him we had been waiting. He left  and another  different  waitres came to bring us our drinks. they were wrong. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and  I was given  a Sam Adams. \nThey took these back  and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served. We told them to bring another round and the check. It was 20 minutes before they returned. and they forgot the check.\n\nBy this time we had to go to be on time for the movie. my date asked for the check again so we could leave. finally they brought it and  I gave him my card   \n\nfor  2 bottle beers  and  2 pineapple juice  + vodka  I was charged  31.03.  I didn t have time to complain or ask.  I won t be going back.  
 Food was ok. Waitres was  a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my  7.0 beer. Only got it after  I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as  a local commodity.  
 Although  I wouldn t travel out of my way to have dinner here  this is  a resturant that  I enjoy having  a meal at    On al of my visits here  I have enjoyed the tempura shrimp. The dipping sauce are to die for. I ve found myself craveing the tempura shrimp  and the accompanying sauces. \n\nThe first time  I ever had dinner here was as  a birthday dinner with me and my big sister. So this resturant has sentimental value to me.  I attach eating here to having  a special night out in the Waterfront. \n\nBar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food  that is.  
  I was looking to get out of the apartment on  a really nice  sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. Al around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.\n\nI am giving it one star  though it deserves none  because our waitres was nice  if  a bit inattentive  and the hummus ap we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves  a lot to be desired.\n\nThis is probably the first place I ve been to   To me  that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant  as much as they wish they were  and paying almost  60 for thre drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined. \n\nAs  I mentioned the waitres was friendly  but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough.  I really wanted to like this place because of things  I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good  but if it want to spend that kind of money  I l go some   
 Went here for drinks and nachos and it is  a very nice establishment. The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but  t be expected in  a setting like this place. There are fire places outside on the patio  a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is  a very nice cozy setting upstairs. Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.  
 I ve eaten just once  mostly  I go for drinks. Nice  lively place  nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.\nDrinks are good  service is good.\nLocation is great as well  right acros the movie theater.  
 love the ambiance and food   
 haha only came here once for happy hour  but  i am just pleased with the price.  i gues coming from ny  anything would be better price wise.  3 for draft and  a big selection of beers so good times. also it s right acros the theater so it s  a good place to go and chil before the movie starts.    
 It was the first time that  I went to this location. We sat outside and it was  a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries. For the price of the burger  I expected something much better. It was  a very thin burger   As  a   In addition  their drinks are expensive  Just one cocktail could run between  10- 12 and they aren t very large. Our waitres spent more time talking to her friends at the next table than actually tending to our needs. There are enough restaurants at the Waterfront that  I don t know that  I wil come back here.  
  I personally enjoyed my recent visit to Bar Louie with  a friend but completely understand the poor reviews on help. The restaurant is pricey for  \n\nSo   Happy Hour and  a nice patio \n\nHappy Hour is on Monday-Friday from 4-7pm and offers lots of different options -  3 Drafts   4 Wines   5 Martinis  and 1/2 Price Select Appetizers and Flatbreads. My friend and  I ordered  4 Martinis and  3 Appetizers between the  2 of us  and our bil was les than  40 total. Not bad \n\nI ordered  a Strawberry Peach Bellini and  a S Mores Martini  and both were tasty. We shared Bruschetta Pomodoro  Spinach    Artichoke Dip  and Roasted Vegetable Flatbread. The food was also good  and  I would order al thre items again in the future.\n\nMy recommendation is to understand    
 This is one of those places   Friends and  I went here for happy hour  starting at 5pm . They claimed to have  1 draft   5 mixed drinks  and half of appetizers.   We ended up spending  a fortune on beer and mediocre appetizers. \n\nI only had appetizers here so  I can t really judge them for their entr\u00e9es  but  I wil rate according to my eating/drinking experience.  I got the spinach artichoke dip. It was  a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing. For  a dip  it had way to many obstacles built in to it.  I don t know  .I felt like  I was chewing grass. \n\nOverall   I would not recommend this place unles you have money to make it rain. Food was way to average for the high price.  
 This place was pretty good food  but the service   As  a friend said they hire for looks  not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get  a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table ful of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn t even attended to until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off. \n\nThe food was pretty good  but because of the service  I won t be returning.  
 As far as chain restaurants go  Bar Louie is ok.  I really like their appetizers and their salads  but  I don t care for their burgers or pastas. Their drinks are ok. They re normal corporate restaurant drinks..i.e.  Applebees.\n\nService is hit or miss. Last time  I went   I had just fine service. The time before that was also just fine. Sometimes the server is  a little spazzy and seems new or doesn t know wtf he s talking about.  Once   I went and ordered red zinfandel and he brought me white zinfandel and argued with me that it was red zinfandel.  I had to explain to him that white zinfandel can be confusing because it is  in fact  pink.  I stil don t think he believed me. It would ve been amusing if it weren t for the fact that it was actually annoying . \n\nThings  I like: calamari  pretzel sticks  wedge salad  some of the sandwiches. Things  I dislike: frozen burgers they sel for  1.\n\nGreat to stop in right before  a movie at Loews  though  :-   
  I must say  my experience last night at Bar Louie was wonderful.  I was hesitant to go because of the other reviews here  but my husband convinced me to give it  a try. \nThe place is seat yourself and it s LOUD in there.  I was  a little underwhelmed by that at first but  I got used to it and found myself enjoying the energy.\nOur service was fantastic. Courtney was great  - super attentive  brought our drinks out in les than  5 minutes  brought our food quickly  checked on us just enough. And the place was packed.\nThe drinks were perfect  just strong enough. We tried the Peach Lighting and the Tiki drink.  I liked the tiki thing better but that s just personal choice. There were real berries mixed into that one. Yum.\nOn to the food. My turkey/ham/Brie sandwich was delicious and my husband loved his burger. The highlight of the meal though was the Whiskey cake. Sonnet-worthy.\nWe l definitely go back again.  
 One of my favorite places  and they have the Best Lemon Drop Martini s. Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent Superman  very handsome guy  
 Meh   I just don t se the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers.  I gues this particular restaurant benefits from people   It s always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater  they get traffic before and after movies. \n\nIt s expensive  the food is so so. Before  I get ahead of myself   I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good  but it s very easy to duplicate at home. It s equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and  a drop or two of Worcestershire and  a drop of franks hot sauce. \n\nTuesday is dollar burgers  5 until midnight  daily drink and happy hour selections  but even that s not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location  fre parking. At Station Square s location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.\n\nI m eager to se if this place sees  a huge drop in busines    
  I am normally  a Bar Louie Fan  - my husband and  I LOVE the one in Tampa. This location needs  a lot of work. We went on  a Friday evening before  a s  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and  a quick bite to eat. We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received. We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up  but  I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full. There were also plenty of empty tables. This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction. But we grabbed  a table.  I am not  a clock watcher  so  I am not sure   Then we got our drinks at 7:04. The only reason that  I know is because  I was looking at my phone because my husband and  I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour. That went out the window.   We finished them and left. The server was nice  that is not the issue. The issue was   They had two bartenders on  I think  and not nearly enough cocktail servers. The server apologized for the wait on the drinks  but explained it away with \"this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped\". That is  a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before. Get more staff. We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time  not the fact that we did not get H pricing. Even though  in my opinion  they should have honored H pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55. We ended up going to the Improv and got food there. Bar Louie lost  a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they wil never get our Pittsburgh busines again or our friends    
 We stopped here to enjoy  a drink before our movie. Our server  was friendly. My husband had  a margarita and my server suggested  a berry mojito to me.\nBoth drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol. After  I finished my drink   I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find  to my disgust    a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap  Ugg  Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap   She comped the drink but we won t be back.\nCan t speak about the food since we didn t have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have  a conversation without repeating yourself.  
  I can t even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for  a waitres to take our order  and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And  I have to be clear it was  a Saturday afternoon  maybe like 10 tables with people at them and  I saw  3 waitres walking around.  I think it s probably  a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant  especially since burgatory just opened acros the street.  
 The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in  a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics   
 Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had  a cook that knew   Staf is ok no complaints drinks are good as wel  
  I rather like Bar Louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before  a movie. Been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasions and both times had their appetizers. Note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from  5 to 7pm on weeknights  your pocket book wil thank you.\n\nThe two of us diners selected thre appetizers to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation  quantity  and quality.\n\nI would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari  breaded just right and not overdone .  
 Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay  8 for  a glas of wine that is  a short pour and bottom quality.  
  I don t frequent Bar Louie  and  I really don t plan to change that any time soon. I ve eaten here and stopped in for drinks  a couple times over the years and  I just haven t been super impressed by the place.\n\nThe food has been decent  -  a few years back  I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it  glutton that  I am  - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never \"wowed\" me. And while  I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often  the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly  not to mention that  I think most of the drinks  I personally like don t qualify for the happy hour discount    Once  I stopped in with friends after  a movie and one drink cost me  10 here. Not even  a large one  either  Sorry  but  I find that to be kind of ridiculous  especially since there s cheaper places to get drinks in the area.\n\nStill  the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced  so this place would be rated  3 stars in my mind IF  I could hear myself think   But good Lord  they re just so loud   I always leave with  a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool  Bar Louie. Not cool.\n\nSo while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places  - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront  I don t expect to be back in any time soon.  
 My sons  a and  I came for Tuesday Dollar Burger Night. You can gat  a \"burger\"  beef  chicken  portabella  or turkey  in  a bun with lettuce for  a buck. Then you can ad toppings to complete your burger at  a smal cost-cheese 75 cents  veggies 50 cents  Artery Cloggers 75 cents  sauce 25 cents. Those are the headings and they have items listed under them-like  9 different cheeses. You can also get  a basket of tots or fries for  a smal price as well. \nMy burger was  2.25 after  I added toppings. Is it the best burger I ve ever had  No. But is it the best  2.25 burger I ve ever had  Yes. It s kind if  a Russian roulette as to   Mine was wel done and one if my son s burger had pink in the middle. We probably could have sent it back but we don t mind  a little pink. \nI love the tater tots  They are crispy and have the right amount of salt. Yummy  \nOur server was great and we l definitely be back.  
 Great environment at night  Songs going on very lively  The food of my friends   But  I ordered chicken flatbread   Absolutely loved it wil definitely go here again just for the flatbreads  
 Great atmosphere and rather humble  especially for  a chain restaurant. The service is always friendly  even if they are busy.  I enjoy taking clients out for drinks there because of the enjoyable bartenders and wide array of drinks on their menu.  I highly recommend their chicken sliders and you have to try their tempura shrimp. \n\nBe sure to make  a reservation because they can get busy too   
 I m not into waterparks as much as  I am into amusement parks.  I go to Sandcastle maybe once  a year. But my Chicago friend Catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after  a day at the zoo  we donned our swimsuits and came here. The main part of the park is closed in the evenings  but the Sandbar and the Sandbar Pool and the Hot Tub remain open for the 21 and over set. The Sandbar has  a great menu of food and drinks and has  a  6.0 cover charge to get in. Occasionally there s live entertainment.\n\nIt s hard to believe that before they built this place  it was the site of an abandoned steel mill. Actually  it was the railroad yard for the nearby Homestead Works. But after site-clearing and clean-up  they turned it into  a beautiful place to spend  a warm day or nice evening. The view acros the Mon is quite beautiful with  a wooded hillside on the other side. There s even  a boat dock  so you can arrive by river if you desire.\n\nI m glad  I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully  I l get another chance to come back.  
 It s fun  but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is  a bit to far from the wave pool and that makes for  a lot of shoes on/shoes of events. The lazy river could be much better.  I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries  as wel as the scenic location.  
   Sandcastle can make it happen.\n\nIf you re going  it s best to stop by Giant Eagle and grab you some discount tickets from the customer service desk.  25 is stil  a bit much in my opinion  but it s better than spending the ful  30.99.\n\nThere isn t much  I can think of that s in Sandcastle that isn t  a great time  except maybe walking around and scorching your feet on the boardwalk.  I personally am  a huge fan of some of the faster tube slides  and of course the massive speed slide. If you re looking for  a more relaxed ride  check out the Lazy River  or screw around in the big pool. There s also  a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.\n\nThere s also plenty of stuf for kids to do. But  I don t have kids  so  I don t know  \n\nThey do close at 7PM    BUT it s definitely  a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end  the lines disappear  and you can ride over and over. Win   
 Sandcastle is  a mixed bag for the kiddos. On the one hand  there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are  a good fit for young \"riders\"  on the other hand  Sandcastle  like any city amusement park  attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood. \n\nUnfortunately that element doesn t particularly care about \"censoring\" speech for  9 year old ears  and worse  in the Mon Tsunami  about personal space  since the wave pool becomes  a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and  s \n\nHaving said that  it s stil  a good day at the park.  .  . cheese fries   a cool dip in the pool on  a hot day  some fun slides.  .  . \n\nI think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park. It is NOT policed particularly effectively. if you take smal children you have to be  a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings  paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity  \"accidentally\" bumping into people for  a reaction from their group. \n\nMOSTLY it s  a good time. Mostly.  
 So the last time  I went to  a water park was probably    I stil kinda don t. lol . Anyway  it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was  a traumatizing experience. Screaming    being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of  a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.\n\nSo to say the least   I was  a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling  I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.\n\nI seriously had SO MUCH fun here   I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool al day but with my bf  we hit up so many rides. tandem AND single rides   I feel like such  a big girl now  Definitely lean back while you re on those single donuts on the water rides  or else you feel like you re going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay.  I was expecting it to be so much more fun  but literally you just slide down  a dark tube into  a circular room   \n\nThere was this one ride   It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was stil fun. The last dude threw me in backwards  Scared the crap out of me but it was fun : \n\nThe food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus    Me don t want no pot belly. \n\nOveral  I had such  a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way  we went on  a Saturday in early June and it wasn t as packed as  I thought it would be  So the lines weren t long at all. Also  go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save  a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don t forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet wil literally feel like they re burning from the ground. Now go of and have some fun  :   
 We re lucky to have  a waterpark in the Burgh.  I have to keep telling myself that    I DO think it s  a great place to take the fam or even  in my case  spend  a day relaxing. if you can  \n\nLet s do the compliment sandwich. Positive  - negative  - positive  \n\nThe negative.  I feel like Sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of Kennywood. They keep pouring money into K-wood  but Sandcastle stays the same year after year. Now  granted  I haven t been there in YEARS  but everything seemed the same as  I left it other than one new slide.  I haven t been there in about  9 years. One new slide in  9 years  Hmm..\n\nI se major places to improve. Especially the pool.  I honestly think the slides are great  although you could always ad more  they re stil fun. The pool. it s just packed. So packed that you d think they d ad  a second pool. Looking around it looks like they have the extra space. Maybe an adults only pool  Swimming with 20 zillion kids  plus adults drinking  yes  I like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool. but it s kinda weird being around so many kids  and you start to wonder    I mean  20 zillion kids you gotta expect  a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool  \n\nThe sidewalks are also scalding hot. I d assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you d be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface. And I\"m NOT investing in those dorky water shoes  sorry  \n\nI m ALWAYS happy to se  a Potato Patch stand  Just as good as K-wood  They also serve chicken tender    Nothing more is needed for me  Although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting  it was so hot out  I was just downing water by the gallons. You re also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food    \n\nAgain  Sandcastle is so awesome to have in the Burgh  it would be nice to se improvements. It always seems packed in the summer months  so   Or maybe they think don t fix    I just may stick to  a cleaner  les pe filled community pool for my water fun fix   
  I LOVE Sandcastle. \nFirst  let me say that I m reviewing the waterpark  not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave. \n\nIf you are going to visit   I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on  a weekday. I ve attempted to visit on nice weekends before   It gets CROWDED on the weekends  especially if the weather is nice. There aren t  a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh  so   \n\nThe slides are  a blast  the lines are sometimes very long  but worth it. The lazy river is great    I really enjoy the new Dragon s Den but the line is CRAZY long for it  They also have  a fantastic bar area  we have gone  a few times and enjoyed  a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun \n\nThey have several areas for smaller children    \n\nIf you are visiting  trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets  because these can get really pricey. You can also do  a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket    It s  a fantastic deal  but boy could that be exhausting   
 okay  so it s not as fun as kennywood but  i gues it s stil cool. \n\ni planned ahead  a day to go for me    bobby  his first time  it was supposed to be nice day  but the weather changed in  2 weeks. \n\nwe picked  a nice time. since it was literally supposed to rain al day  there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour. then we went to head to the lazy river-    it was closed  they said it was closed due to not enough attendence  but  i mean come on. we stil paid  70 for  2 people to come in this park   keep the lazy river open so  i can kil an hour  aah. the clif hanger was also closed- like always. \n\nso we just went and rode everything again. the Dragon s Den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is as well. bobby had  a blast on the speed slides.  i have to admit though   i do mis the regular body slide. \n\nanother reason  i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle was that the park was open until 7pm rather than  5 or  6 like regular days. wel actually at 4:45 we recieved  a \"15 minute warning\" that the park was closing at  5 due to rain. ugh   a little more time would ve been helpful. \n\ni couldnt hear the warning and asked an employe   it started to rain at  5 and literally at 5:20 the rain was over  . the park could ve just shut down the rides until the rain cloud passed  but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks.   \n\noverall  the smile on my boyfriend s face was priceless  but  i truly wish we could ve enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned.  
 Sandcastle Water Park in P-Burgh was just \"okay\" for me.  I really think that this place is geared towards children more so than adults or \"family\" because there isn t much fun here for people older than 16. The water slides here were lacking. There were very few of them and the majority of them are boring. The last time  I was there  not to long ago  there weren t any extremely modern slides like  a tornado slide  so they really have some updating to do. \n\nThey do have an \"adult pool\" and bar area but it was so packed that it was hard to actually have fun in this area. The pool is very small  similar to one you d find at  a hotel chain. It has  a hot tub area but it sits about  8 adults max. and people were fighting tooth and nail to get in. It wasn t to impressive to me. \n\nThey also have  a lazy river at this park and  while  I do enjoy lazy rivers  this one was so packed that it was hard to breathe. People kept bumping into me and touching me and it made me grossed out. \n\nThe one attraction that  I did enjoy was the wave pool. It was crowded as wel but large enough to fit everybody comfortably. The water was nice and clean  a big plus  and the wave action was strong.  I could have stayed in there for the entire time we were at the park.\n\nOverall  this place is just mediocre. It doesn t \"wow\" me very much but if you live in the area  have kids  and are looking for some   
 Now here s  a place that knows    A place to ride  a few slides  relax on the lazy river  and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with Jesus tattoos and many children. \n\nCome for the slides  stay for the people watching.  
 For some reason   I had  a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying  a new mattress. Maybe  I was just self-conscious about rolling around on  a bunch of beds in  a public place. \n\nABD Mattres quickly alleviated any idiotic fears  I may have had. The store was empty   ABD has  a great selection of mattresses  and the prices cannot be beat.  I picked up  a ful plush pillow-top mattres for  a cool  375  without  a box spring or  a frame  since  I already had one . Better yet  Delivery is fre AND prompt. You pick  a three-hour timeframe  and the store wil cal you on the day of delivery to narrow it to  a one-hour slot so you re not sitting around al afternoon.  
 I m  a mattres buying novice.  I also hate buying things that require you to try-before-you-buy.  I also seem to give explanatory information about myself before reviews. Anyway. \n\nI had  a lot of anxiousnes about buying  a mattress. If it s terrible  you l be spending  a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem.   Especially for something that can be as expensive as  a mattress  \n\nThese people were great. They patiently answered al of my mattres questions and treated me like  a valued customer  - both times  I called  the man on the phone remembered my name  and number   and took care of me.     they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me  a box spring in the SAME day. Within hours  even. They even helped me set up the mattres that  I DIDN T purchase from them    \n\nTheir professionalism and friendlines are excellent.  I wil recommend them to everyone    
 The only place to buy  a mattress.\n\nBoth my wife and  I and our daughter desperately needed new mattresses so  I decided to check this place out. We went on  a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones in the store. Le greeted us and s  They offer mattresses  recliners  dinettes  daybeds  bunk beds and bedroom furniture. We found her  a great mattres at  a great price. While waking around the store my wife found  a Serta iComfort series mattres for us that felt like heaven to lay on. \n\nLe had told us about their fre 18 month no interest financing through Wells Fargo Bank  fre bed frame  fre delivery and set up of your new bed and fre removal of your old mattres and box spring    I went in to only buy our daughter  a new mattres but  I bought us  a new one as well. No one can beat their prices   I compared the price of our new mattres to Levin  Macy s and Mattres Discounters. No one came close to the price we got at American Buyers. Every \n \nTake it from me    We bought  a cheap  supposed Serta mattres in 2008 from Mattres Discounters. The boxed spring had to be replaced about  2 years after owning the bed.  I don t think  I wil have that problem again as our new Serta has  a ful 25 year warranty. \n\nA couple days later our daughters mattres was delivered first and about  a week later our new mattres was delivered. The delivery guys had our old mattres and box spring out and our new frame  box spring and mattres set up in les than 10 minutes.\n\nI highly recommend American Buyers Discount Mattres for al of your bedding needs.  
 Ditto everyone else.  I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but  I had  a last minute work conflict and couldn t drive them.  I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually s   I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you re planning on getting  a cab to the airport  definitely use First Class.  
 After reading glowing reviews on Yelp   I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment.  
 Fabulous service al around. My husband was coming in on  a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning  and just before midnight on Friday   I realized  I wasn t going to be able to pick him up.  I called First Clas Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up.  I ended up speaking to Dave  the owner  and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request. \n\nMy husband initially went to the wrong meeting place  on account of his sleep deprivation :  so the company called me asap   He was very happy with the service and the price. I d definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport  Thanks everyone   
 So  I moved to Pittsburgh from Los Angeles.  I know  I know  I know \nAnyway so theres absolutely no places in Homestead that delivered Chinese so  I decided to walk down to the closest Chinese food/restaurant to my house. \n\nThe family that runs the restaurant is very friendly.  I read  a review about them on Google that said the mom looks like she might want to cook you alive. Don t believe it \n\nOn this visit  I ordered the Steamed Dumplings recommended by some reviewer on google..THAT LIAR  and the Vegetable C   I generally enjoy steamed dumplings but these dumplings to much dumpling little meat  werent so good. Theyl probably be sitting in my mini fridge tomorrow and I l force myself to eat them   The Vegetable C  Definately most have next time anyone decides to stop by. \n\nBut al in al the verdict is you typical Chinese Take Out Place.\n\n*puts the menu on the fridge*  
 The worse \"Chinese food\"  even the white rice   Please don t eat this food.  
 Not bad for neighborhood corner Chinese food. The Szechwan is not good. To much..ketchup  The wonton soup is good. Very good curry chicken with onion and happy family. \nEg rolls are hit or miss. Sometimes they can be  a little underdone. \nIs this the best place  No..but it does the trick especially for  a hangover cure.  
 Meh  I ve experienced better is an understatement.\n\nFriday s is like the \"fine dining chain\" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh..\n\n1.   Some   I was happy about that.\n2.  I ordered one of their \"skinny margaritas\"  blackberry to be exact. It was  a nice size   00/pop  that was half of my food bill.\n3. The waitres started of attentive  but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered  a turkey burger with pickle and mustard. Loaded mashed potato on the side because  I wanted heartburn ha \n4. Food came. My burger had lettuce on it only. Waitres was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle.\n5. The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not   Disappointment.\n6. The waitres then went into oblivion and only returned with our check. \n\nNever again wil  I eat at Friday s.  I will     
 Haven t been to TGIFridays for years and was never really  a huge fan.  I get tired of going to the same places al the time for lunch so we decided to try it out.  I must say that  I was very impressed with    I had the two for  10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips.  I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so  I opted for the French onion. It was okay but  I think that  I would get  a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and  I am stil craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues.  I wil definitely be back.  
 This place. Is ok if ur grabn something quick . But they do have  a great happy hour tho  
 Boo    It used to be happy and fun  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by  So sad.  
 If  I were to describe this place in one sentence  I would cal it  a mediocre  and cheaper version of Bettis 36 on the North Shore.\n\nMy wife and  I won  a gift card in  a raffle. We went for lunch on  a Saturday. It was not crowded\n\nWe entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by  a nice server. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.\n\nOur server took our drink order and returned promptly. We got the pretzels with beer cheese appetizer and we each got  a hamburger.\n\nOur food arrived promptly and the appetizer was \"fine\". 10 years ago  I would have called it good or better but time has marched on and expectations are higher then they once were.\n\nThe same goes for the main course. The fries were unremarkable but decent as were both burgers. \n\nThe bil was also fair. The meal with two drinks and an appetizer was reasonable for   The server was pleasant and attentive. Al in al this Fridays as  a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.\n\nI would return here for lunch like  I did today.  
 I m not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the \"chain\" expectation. \n\nI order the Jack Daniel s chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.\n\nFortunately  we had  a very nice and charismatic waiter and al of the staf was very friendly. \n\nI d recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day.  
 Everyone s been to Fridays  I am sure  but  I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it s delicious. My children love Fridays it s usually there 1st choice.  I also love the Cajun Chicken    Shrimp Pasta very very good.  
 Dining outdoors after  a bike ride on the rail trail. Just the right venue for that.\n\nJack Daniels ribs and shrimp. The ribs were divine. The shrimp not quite there - I d say they were overdone. \n\nOur server  Ed  was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary. Not only did it come with  a celery stalk in it  he brought over more celery. Yumm.  
  I had  a gift card so  I decided to use it for  a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average   
 This place is kind of  a hybrid of Applebee s and CPK     I got their slider meal    The food was fine and the service was okay  but really felt like an Applebee s knockof  and Applebee s isn t even worth knocking-offing anyway . \n\n3 stars  
 Good food. \n\nI gues one reason  I like this place is they don t hide   There is  a little Kiosk with al the calories right by the door. Al in al  I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them\n\nThe steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.\n\nService is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat  
  I didn t know   There is  a cool way to review the menu on  a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count. \n\nThe place looked nice. It was clean and really cool looking. The food was really good and our waiter was nice and friendly.  I wil be going back to try their pizza and other food. \n\nWe had  a burger    French fries were good to.  
  I don t care   First  the crust tastes like  a biscuit  and biscuits belong no   I wil give UNOs  a thumbs up on it s flatbread  it s better pizza than some pizzerias In the area.   Gues   Chicagoans don t know    
 Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It s the only place that I ve found that even comes close to  a classic Chicago style deep dish.\nI also had the french onion soup that wasn t bad. The croutons were stil crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.\n\nMy girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she d come back just for the salad.\n\nOverall   I enjoyed it and would come back the next time  I get  a craving for  a deep dish pizza. It wasn t authentic but it certainly was not terrible.  
  I really don t know   Now that my palate has matured and  I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine   I really can t find anything to eat in  a place like this. \n\nMy husband and  I were running errands at the Waterfront  and we needed to find  a place for lunch. We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us. My husband is  a meat lover  so  I agreed to let him order us  a meat-covered pizza. To counteract this  a little   I ordered  a tomato mozzarella salad  so we d at least have some vegetables in the mix. \n\n  The menu description is thus: \"chopped lettuce  roma tomatoes with basil and garlic  buffalo mozzarella  drizzled with balsamic syrup.\" This description is accompanied by  a bright  colorful picture of  a salad with bright green lettuce  bright red tomatoes  and  a delicate \"drizzling\" of balsamic syrup. It looks light and yummy.\n\n  It was DISGUSTING. There was so much dressing dripping of of this dish  it was more like  a soup than  a salad.  I suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown  they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing. Not only was it disgusting  but it cost us about  10.  10 for complete inedible slop. \n\nThe \"numero uno\" pizza we got was nothing to write home about either. It was ok. very mediocre. The crust tasted like it was undercooked  and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning    I have been to Chicago many times  had real Chicago deep dish many times  and this just doesn t even come close to the real thing. \n\nThe ONLY positive  I give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front   It would be better if they d actually print it on the menu  but they are stil doing better than most restaurants in this effort. They are making strides  too  with their   I m sure there s stil  a lot of room for improvement    If you re listening  Uno  please work on providing your customers with healthier food  - not just healthy options like salads  but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers  low-fat cheese  low-sugar sauce  les sodium  etc. . Their hearts wil applaud you. \n\nAnd lastly    Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement  I don t know about  It s baffling.  
  I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy  peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said   I really don t understand   This chain has done to the deep dish pizza   On our menu:\n\nFrench onion\nChicken bites\nPizza with pepperoni  hamburger  and romano\n\nLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature  the food just was not good. Don t get me wrong  this is not the worst pizza  I have ever eaten  but this chain is  a perfect example of   \n\nI really never want to return.  
 Came here on  a Monday night. Boy was the place dead   I was the only only Customer at 8:30PM. Ordered  a thin crust pizza with extra cheese  pepperoni and mushrooms. It was pretty good. Could of used more cheese.  I wasn t in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza. This is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other locations in the US. It was just like the others. The Caesar salad with anchovies was very good. The service was very poor. My waitres spent  a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess. It was  a chore to get water refills from her. \n\nThey have big screen televisions in the bar area    
  I ate here at around 8:0 on  a Saturday night. Reading the other reviews  it makes me wonder if people were  a the same restaurant  I was. Sure  it isn t  a world clas dining establishment  but it is decent considering it is  a chain. You should know that going into any chain  really. It was basically exactly  \n\nWe were greeted immediately upon entering  and while the hostes went to grab menus  another server asked us if we were taken care of. Service at our table was very attentive and water and other beverages were promptly refilled.  I ordered soup and two appetizers instead of an entre or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in   \n\nMy fiance ordered  a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food items. It was quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it.  I had the potato skin appetizer. It reminds me of  a \"baked potato pizza\" that  I used to enjoy at  a local place back in Buffalo. It was delicious  especially with the addition of  a little bit of hot sauce.\n\nOverall  it doesn t even come close to visiting an Uno s in Chicago  but then again    It won t be  a regular location in our dining rotation  but it is good to know that    
 My girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday.  I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria   Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the  4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza   My two friend had salads   Let s just say there wasn t any food left on the table    I wil be back for sure.  
 Pizza ok on it s own nothing great  . Definitely not worth the restaurant price. definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related or are they just using their name and trademark.  
 The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is to expensive. For  2 personal pizzas  the size of pizza hut   2 beers and  2 salads  we paid over  50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were  1 each. If you want pizza and beer go some  this place is good.  
 Wel this visit started of good.  I was seated right away  no wait. Was given  a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza  but with no onions. Now after we ordered  it just went downhil from there. Was never asked if  I wanted another beer  the waitres just gave me more water. My pizza stil had onions in it.    I know cooks can t read.  I was one for many years. Mistakes happen  and the manger took care of it and took the item of my bill. NO complaints  stil ate the food and it was good. Just not  a fan of onions on my pizza. \n\nNow onto the bill  the server continues to tel me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to ad onions.  I already said it was taking care of and there s no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday  and if  I felt like leaving al my money as  a tip  it wouldn t go unnoticed.  I took this as  a joke as  I had told her earlier  I worked in the industry.   And again if  I felt like leaving her al my money  she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully  I am very clear on it. No server  and  I mean NO server any  So out of kindness     I left  a nice tip for the cost of  \n\nBottom line  the food was good for the price  but the service from this one person as  I don t know   Was just horrible.  
 Unos has been around for ever      I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80 s. Honestly the decor inside stil kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.\n\nIf you haven t died and he recently  I ordered you to come back and have  a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good \n\nThey have the best chicken salad wrap ever   I love that rap so much  I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from   Ful disclosure:  I made him cal is  a cab and we took  a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.\n\nListen. The food and pizza and service are very good  surprisingly so   I don t know    
 Al in favor of  a deep dish pizza say I ..II  ok now that  i have that out of my system. This place is such  a great hangout/eat-in spot.  I hadn t been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening.  I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.\n\nWe arrived on  a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get  a table   We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza  pasta  appetizers  seafood  burgers  salads and sandwiches. \n\nAfter ordering two mango lemonades that were way over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten fre   Plus  They make  a thin crust gluten fre pizza   My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and  I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with  a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick    I didn t complain  it stil tasted great.\n\nI m not into red meat so  I tried to order  a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef  but the ran out of black bean and they couldn t get the chicken so  i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with al the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but  i couldn t get over the taste of the burger because it just didn t have any flavor. Very saddening.  I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat.  I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only  a smal amount. \n\nWe came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms  parmesan and  a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or    I wil probably always eat this pizza   \n\nOnly down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was  a little over cooked. He got the numero uno    
 Wham   4 stars outta the park  The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing.  I wasn t crazy about the avocado eg rolls  but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service to from Maranda   a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended.  
 Pizza is  a staple for me.  I love everything about crunch crust   a nice rich tomato sauce  and  a thick layer of melted cheese.  I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and   \n\nOnly  a 30 minute wait for  a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at  a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was  a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint  the bar was loud and   Good news  only happened twice \n\nThe four of us decided to order two pizzas  the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market.  I also ordered  a Caesar salad because  I needed more vegetables in my life. \n\nThe salad. It was  a big salad that  I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy  it was vinegar based and had  a little bit of  a \"bite\" to it as Chris kept on saying.  I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy  but   The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like  I requested. \n\nThe main dishes came out about 10 minutes later.  I do not know   Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But   I was soon to se that even if they are  a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. \n\nThe Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions  spinach  SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES  regular tomatoes  eggplant  pesto as  a sauce  and  a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that  I stole Chris  extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetnes to the pizza that  I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was  a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us  My eyes deceived me at first with the size  \n\nThen our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza    Matt  the one   This cookie came out in  a really large  bigger than our pizzas  dish. It had thre scoops of icecream on it with  a pile of whipped cream. WARM  right out of the oven  fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens  it was good.  I am glad that  I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. \n\nChicago Pizza   I would absolutly try again.  
  I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good  The individual size was smaller Than  I expected for  12 but  I wasn t starving so it was very filling. Our waitres April was very nice and attentive for   We had about  a 30 minute wait but it was worth it   I can t wait to try it again   
 Well  it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had  - to tiny portion  \nWe were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not al good. Bad bad service. First of al we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn t even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check  \nLater   \nI would not like to go there again. :   
 While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead. My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno s Pizzeria    Gril as the food was delicious.   It was fairly crowded for  a weekday but we were seated in les than ten minutes. The waitres was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering al our questions with ease.  I settled on  a Turkey  Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times. They have  a variety of dishes guaranteed to please al ages. The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS  The portions were just right for lunch   I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping. The four of us had items of the Two for  U lunch menu  our bil was les than  30   My aunt was right  you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria    Grill  it is FANTASTIC   
 Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very wel  
 It gets  5 stars cause it jogs up  a memory. Back before Pizza Hut turned into  a fast food restaurant  the Pizza Hut my grandfather used to take me to was  a really nice restaurant. And this location has the same look and feel as the old pizza hut before it went take out. \n\nSo this is the old style pizza hut. \n\nVery family orientated dining style. You can sit here for hours. And so we did. We had  a heap of use in  a long table.\n\nI ordered one of the smal pizzas   Disappointed in the selection of that. Seeing other choices.  I regretted going on the cheap. \n\nPrices are moderate. 12 for  a little pizza. but with al the dough  you get full. Can t say  I walked away hungary. Nor did  I finish my second mini pizza. \n\nI want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza   
 Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unles you get  a  2 for 12 but that s not   And it s  a salad come on.  
 Last week was my first visit to this place. The raspberry tea was amazing. We got the ap sampler  it was very good except for the homemade guacamole.  I ordered  a side salad  hardly any dressing on it  and not very fresh.  I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli    grilled vegetables. Waited along time for the entr\u00e9e. The chicken was good but  a smal portion. The broccoli    veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp  it was good with good flavor. Might have just been    
 Love the stores selection but HATE   If  I wanted to know I d ask    
  \n\nHere in Pittsburgh  it s the only Chinese place I ve found that combines genuinely good service with quality food. Not  perhaps  as good as  \n\nThe Kung Pao chicken is particularly good  with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles. Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.\n\nTheir fried noodle dish with chicken    Still  they get the friednes of the noodles right  and there are precious few . ahem . no other restaurants around here that do.\n\nPortions are small  so either plan to get an appetizer and an entre or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came. The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.\n\nIf you live in LA  forget  P  F Chang s. If you live in NYC  I m sure there are  a dozen better places on  a single block. But here in Pittsburgh  it s just about the best place around.  
  I hate this place.\nIt s very loud  the service is very poor  and the food is so-so.\nIf you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh  try China Palace  Shadyside  or Sesame In  Station Square or North Hills . They re quieter  with very good food    service.  
 Any place that accommodates with  a special dietary menu for  a little known disease gets five stars from me. P.F. Chang s has  a dedicated Gluten-Fre Menu for those of us   They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don t know many other restaurants that go this far.\n\nAside from the menu preference   I enjoy my overal experience every time. Their menu is  a bit different than that of   Don t expect this to be at al like that. It s not  a Buffet. They don t sel \"General Tso s\"  though Chang s Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar  it s my personal favorite  or other signature foods that you may expect. They do sel very similar items with different names and  a few of their own adjustments  just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure. They also sel Sake   I believe they have  a few different types. \n\nThe prices can get  a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on   Portions are excellent and the taste is great. I ve yet to have one complaint and  I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of  a few years.\n\nThe only downside  it can be  a little crowded and  a bit loud. It s also very dark because of their lighting.   It can be  a romantic place or  a casual place  I ve been there for both.  
 REDO \n\nI went to PF Chang s several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me. \n\nMy issue:  I thought  I was getting Chinese food. \n\nMy resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes  I actually like to eat.\n\nSo we returned to PF Chang s for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of  a Chinese restaurant. There were very few people in the restaurant. The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus.   Unfortunately  I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before  I had  a chance to say anything.  I could se her acros the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times  but at no point could  I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn t know   Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked    I asked if she could bring out some eg drop soup.  I didn t expect to get the stink-eye.\n\nMy eg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as wel as the caddy of different sauces and oils. The server really wasn t that into the experience  but again gave me the stink-eye    I mixed the rice vinegar  chili oil  chili paste  and soy sauce  my gues is that it was supposed to be tamari  to create  a dipping sauce for our dumplings.  I took  a bite of the soup and it was some   I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server. It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn t wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings    The skins were  a bit thick and doughy. The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all. The sauce tasted  a little od so  I tried to remix and it was stil off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old  stale  or rancid. We finished our dumplings.\n\nOur lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy  but  I gues it came Pittsburgh Hot  super mild  and had  a lackluster flavor at best. The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang s chicken and was equally mollified. This was supposed to be their version of General Tso s Chicken. Now  I have never had  a General s chicken that was the same at any place. It is always different. Many of them are good in different ways. This food  though  it wasn t good. Chang s chicken fel into the same category as the Sesame Chicken - since it tasted mainly of soy sauce - with the addition sugar. \n\nI just don t understand   Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam s/Costco tastes better.  
 Stars are for the food only. 2.5 rating\n\nGot there at 8pm on Saturday night  they told us it was an hour wait   Started of with the lettuce wraps and  i used to be  a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory .  I had the Singapore rice noodles. This was so so as  i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better. The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw. Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp  plump  juicy  tangy with  a smal kick. Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick. \n\nThe service was annoying. We were there les than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in  a rush to get us out of there. Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that  I wil let you know    I found it rude especially since there wasn t even  a line at this point. \n\nI think we wil travel else  The result never quite met the anticipation.  
  I like PF Changs.\n\nI think I ve only been here  a total of thre times  twice it was take out   and  I only get vegetarian dishes  but  \n\nI would definitely eat here again.  
  I am writing this from the standpoint of someone   That said   I am loving me some gluten-fre Chinese food here  If the gf issue didn t exist  though     But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang   
 Pretty Good Stuff \n\nPROS:\nNice bar area\nCool ambiance\nnice dishes with good flavors\n\nCONS:\nPricey for \"just chinese food\"\ntypically  a rather long wait  especially on weekends.\nVery difficult to even get noticed by the bartenders once its busy at the bar area.\n\nSuggestions:\nLettuce Wraps  just get this as you meal  LOL \nFat Cat Martini  OMG  YUMM  \nPot Stickers  
 Our go to place at the waterfront. \n\nWe usually order the crispy green beans as an app.  they are always fried just right and never really greasy. As an entre  I always get coconut curry tofu  the veggies are bright and crisp  no open pea pods or limp broccoli   And the tofu is simply delightful. \n\nAlways consistent. Never disappointing  
 Went there for lunch and had  a decent meal. While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent  the Mo Go Gai Pan was average  although  I did enjoy the shrimp in it . Service was fine and decor is pleasant. For some reason I m just not in the mood to write  a detailed review  - please accept my apologies.  
 Sadly I ve been here  a few times because it s  a crowd pleaser   There s nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is \"alright\" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you re encountering fine dining.\n\nThe food is so bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang s you can get else  The honey chicken at P.F. Chang s was so mediocre al  I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting  a tastier order of it for  8 bucks.\n\nLast time we were there the server was horrendous as well.  I don t think I ve ever felt as awkward at  a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend s father  Don  his unsweetened tea then told him he didn t bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got al huffy     We actually had to yel out to get him to come back and finish our order.  not in an uncivilized or malicious way  either  After that he must have thought we were terrible diners  I don t think I ve ever been impolite to someone   It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.\n\nObviously the attitude of one idiot   But it s so bland  Go some  Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it l give you  a variety of good  local places to choose from at half the price.  
 We visitied PF Changs on Sunday with  a large group of 20 people. Although they had to split the tables  - everything was delicious \n\nWe enjoyed everything from the spring rolls and chicken lettuce wraps..to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guests..to the fried banana dessert \n\nif you are with  a group  and you want dessert  - get the fried bananas  They come wrapped in  a spring rol wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.\n\nOverall  we had  a great time and would come back here again.  
 I ve had PF Changs both in Pgh and KC and honestly  I m never been disappointed nor elated with the food. It s  upscale  Ameri-Chinese food. You don t come here seeking  authentic  Asian staples; it s al changed to some degre to suit American taste buds. nothing wrong with that  imo. Do  I even know   Yes  sortuv  some  Wil  I stop putting quotes around  everything   Definitely not \n\nIt was 45 min from closing time  \n\nThis particular PF Changs  on the Homestead Waterfront  had fast and friendly service  though he forgot our order of asparagus. We sampled everything from the the Szechuan shrimp to the Mongolian beef to the Dan Dan Noodles. Good flavors  nothing that stepped out in the crowd.\n\nI don t come here al that often but    
 So  I have never been to P.F. Chang s before since I m Chinese and I m not  a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants   My boyfriend and  I were at Dave    Busters and weren t in the mood for American food   F. Chang s  a try. \n\nWe came on  a Saturday night without reservations  so we had to wait 45min :  Luckily time went by fast while  I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place.   We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick   The calamari was okay.  I felt like the strips were cut to thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful.  I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked wel and was also good. Overal  I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I m ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.  
 First time eating at PF Chang- thought the food was fine but I d rather go to an authentic Chinese restaurant any day. It felt like  a Chinese version of the Cheesecake factory. \n\nAnyway  it was  a Saturday  late afternoon  and despite lots of empty tables we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and after that waited 30 min for our food.  I don t know if they were just short staffed the day we went but  I wasn t impressed with the service.\n\nSome nice items on the menu include the lettuce wraps and the salt and pepper calamari    The sesame chicken was also very good. Other things were fine  just not memorable. \n\nI think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don t mind spending  a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in  a hurry  don t come here.  
  I was unimpressed with my food and  I am even more sad to see  now that P.F Chang s mas produces frozen dinners. \nThis is about as far away from Chinese food you can get  unles of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yel to carry on  a conversation. P.F Chang s in the Waterfront is  a unmemorable experience. Maybe  I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home   
  I have mixed feelings about this place.  I wish  I could give 2.5 stars  but I m in  a good mood so I m rounding up today. \n\nThis was my first time here and  I honestly wasn t sure   The first thing  I noticed   It seemed les intimate than  I had pictured in my mind. The tables were al jammed together and the restaurant had  a crowded feel to it. Fortunately  there wasn t  a long wait as we had made  a reservation. \n\nWe were seated at  a table in the middle of the dining room alongside  a busy throughway. It seemed al the servers were destined to walk past our table.  I appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were \"meant to be shared.\" My wife and  I decided to share our two meals: Chang s Spicy Chicken and Double Pan Fried Noodles. Before our meal came out our waitres set some sauces on the table in  a \"here s your sauce\" kind of way.  I remember thinking  \"That s very nice  but  I have no idea  \" There was no explanation  - just  a little tray of sauces. Our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild  medium  or hot sauce. We picked medium and  with  a few scoops  she turned our thre sauces into thre mixed sauces and  I stil didn t know   \n\nForget the sauce though  my attention was now drawn to our meal. For meals that were \"meant to be shared\" these sure are little portions.  I gues   The food itself was good  in an ok sort of way .  I can t say it was the best I ve had  but it was good enough. \n\nOveral  I thought the experience was lacking. P.F. Chang s tries to be classy  but does it in  a cafeteria sort of way.  I was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring acros the room. The music didn t fit the ambiance. Our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. The restaurant was loud and crowded. The girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures. \n\nI think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant  but no such luck.  
 Surprised   First time at this location. Great service  but wasn t hard to do..\n\nHad  a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice. It was typical PF Changs  Very good . You can get the Fried Rice of the kids menu for  2.95 versus  8 for  a big bowl of the regular menu.  
 Let me start by saying that  I do like their food. \n\nLast night  I went with my wife and two guests. The apps came out fast and were fantastic. Dinner on the other hand  didn t come out quickly at all. The rice was undercooked  and we told our server. He set the rice on the empty table next to us and forgot to bring  a new order. By the time  I was almost finished with my meal  another server came over and they brought back another bowl of crunchy white rice.\n is that the way rice is prepared now  \n\nI ordered the chocolate cake.  I asked for  a container to take half home. The server brought out  a smal container and   She then realized that  a larger one would be better.\n\n4 people  not crowded..2 hours total.  
 My daughter     I enjoy PF Chang s each time we dine there together.  I am in Love with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps delicious  It is always  a wonderful experience   
 I ve always liked PF Chang s and  generally speaking  this location is pretty good.  I typically opt to sit at the bar   \n\nThe food is typical PF Chang s: delicious. As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information  it s also nice to know that  I can go there and eat some  While some complain about the portion sizes being to small  I ve always felt like they were perfect.  I do understand   Most of the meals are consistently good  freshly prepared  and ful of flavor. Plus  the sauce that your waiter/waitres makes for you is always  a nice addition to any meal. I ve tried most of the apps  soups  and quite  a few of their entr\u00e9es and have never been disappointed.\n\nI ve only had one negative experience at this location in the countles times that I ve gone  and it revolved around service in the main dining area.  I was there for lunch  and the waitres essentially disappeared. I m not sure if she had been fired  quit  or   After sitting there for     I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server.  I had never experienced something like that  but  I received fre food vouchers for  a future visit  and luckily  I wasn t in  a rush that day  so it worked out. The experience would ve made me give the location  a worse rating  but one bad experience hasn t outweighed the countles positives: good meals  solid service  especially at the bar   and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.\n\nThe only other knock on this location  - and it applies to every PF Chang s I ve been to  - is the insane wait that you l encounter at dinner time. My wife and  I would actually go there more often if we didn t have to wait forever for  a table.  I love PF Chang s  but  I hate waiting more. If you live close enough  get curbside pick-up  or just find some  I ve yet to meet  a restaurant worth  a 2-hour wait. PF Chang s  included.  
 ok so i ve eaten here more than once but just thought to write  a review on it. now  i l be honest this is the only one i ve ever been to  so  i don t know if they re al the same but every time i m underwhelmed.  i get there  look at their giant selection and get excited. then  i get my meal and remember that i ve never had anything to great. don t get me wrong  it s not bad  but for   just saying.  
  A big thank you to Chad Cynamom  manager at PF Chang s for making our anniversary night so special. He seated us  brought us drinks and told us about the menu. Every time my fiance and  I go to this PF Chang s  we get the best service. Food isn t the most authentic chinese food we ve ever had  hence the  4 stars. It is  a bit overpriced as well  but the service makes up for it.  
 singapore street noodles. The end  
 Great food  great atmosphere  little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it s much better  good service.  
 Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef. Bar service was fast and Efficent. Good value. Not  a  5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat. Fortune was even Postive   
  I usually have fair experiences with this PF Changs. I ve been inside the restaurant  and have used the curbside to go service.  I finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.\n\nI can t remember her name  but   She was very nice  and provided us with the exact amount of condiments we listed on the online order form. They re usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauces  She also gave us  a couple other sauces to try  not sure   \n\nThe food here is always in point.  I like to get the edamame  sesame chicken with brown rice  and the flour les chocolate dome  \n\nI m reducing  a star because of past experiences with service.  
 I ve heard it s very much  a chain and that it s not at al authentic Chinese food    There is quite  a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor  but  I figure it works for somebody   I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty. The prices are quite reasonable. Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes  this restaurant wil definitely serve in  a pinch.  
  I wil say make  a reservation since it s pretty busy on  a weekend  We got seated quickly with  a reservation. Our server was excellent despite   He was also helpful with recommendations and let me sample  a couple wines before picking  a bottle. The manager was also great. We weren t in love with one of the dishes and the manager came out and talked to us about    I wil say this  - they know   We l definitely be back :   
 First  this is  a big chain  - not my favorite type of eatery. For me  four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique..\n\n  The Chilean Sea Bas Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin  fantastic  10+\n\nNow  - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tel you it was  a ridiculously busy night  servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.\n\nI ve been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC  - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both. So many great little places to try in the  Burgh  but  I wouldn t resist going back to this particular PFC.  
  I ordered dinner one day and was very satisfied after my dinner.\nThe food was delicious. \nI enjoyed it some much  I bought lunch there the following day.\nThe is now one of my best places to eat.\nI would recommend P.F. Chang s China Bistro to everyone.  
 We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren t seated near the door as we were last time. As  I expected  getting  a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for  a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our  1 year old nicely.  I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. \n\nI stil left with the impression that the serving sizes were smal in comparison to most other places  but we were satisfied and happy.  
 Went here for lunch yesterday with  a friend and it was so yummy  Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot  Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also ful of chicken chunks and shrimps as well.   By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups  we were almost full. LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well. Definitely wil be back because this place is clean  service is quick  food is delicious  and the price isn t so bad either.  
 Stil good food but  I find that more times than not    I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need  a new contract with  a new appliance company.  
 This is the fourth Changs I ve eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had  a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling of the chicken. Overal stil pretty good. Would eat at this one again.  
 My wife and  I came here  a few years ago and you couldn t get in the door because of the line. This was the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it. Fast forward to present day and you d never believe that was ever the case. Chang s is poorly set up as one large open room that s rather noisy. Food came out quickly but was not as good as the Chinese take out we get from sesame inn. Spicy chicken was neither spicy nor very flavorful and had  a mass-produced feel to it. Took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out  a few days later. Normally one of the great thing about getting Chinese is looking forward to the leftovers the next day  Another minus was noticing    I don t expect  a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on Smithfield downtown.\nThe one bright spot was our waitres was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite  a few fil ups during our time there. Short of this  I d probably give Changs two stars. Probably last time I l stop in here unles  I can t get in to any restaurants in the area and need  a place  I know won t be to busy.  
 Excellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made  a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery  les than  5 minutes  honest. Both meals les than  30  in and out in 45 minutes.  
 Gordons in the Waterfront is exactly   The man   The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful. You won t get cheap shoes here but you wil get the best. Worth every cent.  
 Extremely helpful staf that knows exactly   The shoes  I bought were high quality and durable.  I was extremely impressed by the staff.  
 This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly  plenty of room to sit  and good quality food    coffee. Panera is  a great place to hang out and read the news  - they even have fre WiFi  Try their toasted sandwiches  especially the chicken bacon dijon.  
  I live close by so  I go here frequently pretty much for the fre WIFI and espresso. But here s  a secret  - they don t seem to know   Needles to say coffe is not expensive here as you can fil up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffe is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie   Outside seating and people watching is always  a good distraction plus there are al kinds of people    
 Had lunch here after getting my nails done in the Waterfront. It s your standard Panera  - lots of seating and  a sunny room from al the windows. Our food was made very quickly  even though the place was pretty busy  lunch on  a Saturday . Chicken noodle soup is tasty  but there was to much broth and not enough noodles and chicken.  I tried their Sierra Chicken sandwich for the first time  and it was pretty good. It s very flavorful   I like   It was  a salty meal though  - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.\n\nIf  I have to get  a quick  light meal and only chain options are available  Panera is my best choice. It s definitely predictable and usually tasty. But there isn t much special about it  of course.  
  I Love al Panera  equally \nI am def  a fan of this easy  better than fast food  time-killing eatery.\n\nGreat place for  a lunch social/date with good eats and  a good place to sit and talk for  a while or to get some work done between appointments.\n\nPROS:\nGreat Food;\nFre WiFi  though some locations are limited to 30 minutes during the lunch hour ;\nSeating is always tricky at the lunch hour.\n\nCONS:\npricey for salads  soup and sandwiches;\ntables should be wiped more frequently--even if you have to ask  a newly seated guest if they would like it wiped  the tables should be wiped \n\nFor Pete s sake  give  a fork with the Mac and Cheese  not  a SPOON  lol  
 It s the same Panera food you ve had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often faster at preparing food than this one. That said the food is fine and the staf is nice enough.\n\nThey have warm cookies for  2.00. That is  a nice feature.  
  I like Panera bread but this one is  a so so.  I always get my fuji chicken salad in every Panera bread  I go. Al of the other use spring mix to make their fuji chicken salad except this one. They just use regular salad and salad doesn t taste or look very fresh either.  I was kind of excited to find there is  a panera bread around us but  I am disappointed after trying it. Don t know if we wil be back again.  
 It seems silly to rate  a chain so  I won t talk about the food. \n\nI just love coming to this Panera because it s right by Barnes and Noble.  I recently started getting into the Panera card. Compared to the other Paneras  I have to say that this one seems cleaner  bigger  and al around nicer. Of course  I would never go out of my way to get here but if you re at Barnes and Noble and aren t happy with the sandwiches there     
 Amazing amazing place and  I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high  very good service and fast  .  
 This use to be my go to Panera Bread.    I was happy   My waist also appreciated it. Those scones are delicious.\n\nI recently stopped back here   With al my new allergies  I came in here hoping to get some bread. Not knowing  nor doing my homework before  I s  Not knowing the answer herself  she was kind enough to pul out  a binder that contained al of their recipes  ingredients included. After looking through it for  a few minutes  I was able to select the bread  I wanted. They wil sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now. If you would rather slice yourself   I am sure they wil wrap it up and you can go on your way. Yes  it s true  it may be  a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf. But it is much better tasting.  
 It was my first time here. Was recommended by my coworker.  \n\nThe first visit was great. The receptionists were helpful and gave me guidance on   Everyone seemed happy and talkative. \n\nDr. Bezak was very nice. He had  a smile on him the entire time  I was there. He was very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog. Overall   I had  a good first visit and definitely going back.\n\nThe only thing that made it didn t earn  a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm. The entire office have their lunch at 1pm. So  I can tel there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don t mind that it was  a quick visit  but  I would have liked to had time to ask more questions. If you want adequate time with the doc  consider making your appointment after their lunch.  
 As not only pet-owners  but as dog breeders let me say  - we love this place  We ve heard some bad things from several acquaintances and counldn t believe our ears..Dr. Bezak is great and the staf is really friendly and helpful.  
  I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I ve had  a couple C  Doc had  a C  He has taken good care of them over the years.  
  I mean  it s Target. It has everything. You just need to know  \n\nBeware - though their merchandise looks nice  and it s  a good buy for  a student  you don t want to make long-term purchases here. The zipper on  a skirt  I bought broke the first time  I wore it. I ve heard horror stories about disintegrating comforters during their first wash.\n\nThat said  their store-brand toiletries and other sundry items are fairly cheap  and they have  a wider selection than Giant Eagle or CVS. They also have  a cool program with Flickr.com - you can upload your photos  order them online from Target s One-Hour Photo kiosk  and pay by credit card  \n\nI love their cheap accessories - glasses  bags  jewelry. Along with Claire s and Filene s  Target is my favorite place to shop for those things.  
 Oh Target  You are big corporate America  But   Your prices are the best   For personal effects such as toiletries  soap  etc  you can t be beat  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy s \n\nAnd  I se you have the retro tees too. You know: Yes Boston Led Zeppelin We know   Oh and made in China of course   
 OMG. Target is my fav store ever.  I love the staf they are also so helpful and friendly. They recognize me being there quite often   I also greatly appreciate being able to use  a target coupon AND  a manufacture coupon   I save so much money shopping there and now  I save 5  everyday using my target debit card  Ah  I love this store   
 After working for the rival of Target for years  Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at. Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I m stil able to get in and get out in  a hurry. \n\nDepending on the time of day  it may be  a task just to find  a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road. If you don t mind walking  a bit  the aisle  \n\nThe only downside  I can find for this location is the smel of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as  I walk into  a store  maybe after about ten minutes in I d consider it.  
 This is  a really great pharmacy  - friendly  quick  knowledgeable  and inexpensive.  
 Target is pretty standard. If you ve been to one of them  you l know largely   That being said  this store is clean  and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website  as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren t aware of. \n\nThe electronics department staf are not very knowledgeable  and tried to pressure me into buying  a different TV by repeating marketing lingo  but were unable to explain    
 Target is one of my favorite stores -  I just love wandering around late at night   This location is now my closest store  so  I drop by pretty often.\n\nThis store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren t particularly stellar but isn t poor either. I ve generally been able to find   \n\nIn addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets  this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area  only this store and the Cranberry store sel glasses.  I purchased  a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical thre years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.  
 It s not the greatest Target of al time but it stil meets al of your basic needs.\n\nIf you re looking for produce  lower prices  and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.  
 I ve been to many Targets and they re al the same.   Children s clothing  toys  electronics and health    beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store. There is  a new Starbucks that is now open. The cafe that is there has been remodeled and wil serve Pizza Hut pizza and other new menu items. The area   Basically  this Target in Homestead wil eventually look like the one in East Liberty.  I like this Target  so  I am pleased with the new changes  especially Starbucks    
 It always feels like everyone   Just sayin .\n\nOtherwise  it s pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and  I was only buying one thing.  I was relieved   It definitely expedited    
 Target.\n\nI like Target more than  I like Walmart. Walmart is bad.\n\nI like Target enough to return.  I like it enough to pas by any Walmart that my throw itself in my path. Does that mean  I love Target  No  it is just OK.  
 Watch out   They mark  a rack or table with  a big buy one get one or 50  of sign  then only some of the stuf on the rack is on sale.  
 OK  I know      Wel recently the BF and  I went shopping for some busines friendly clothes for him. Our \"wardrobe expert\"  and  I feel terrible because  I forgot his name  was incredibly friendly and helpful that  I couldn t help but think  - WHY DON T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN    Someone   This man was absolutely STELLAR  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well. The BF left with exactly     So if you re looking to make your man  a little more stud-ly with  a jacket  tie  dres shirt  or perhaps  a ful suit  stop by Men s Warehouse. You l be drooling over him in no time ;   
 Let s start this review by saying that   A. Bank for mine and my groomsman s suits. Allow me to give you  a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered  \n\n1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be  a followup call. The other groomsmen and  I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to  \n2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead  \n3-    I don t know\"  insert an awkward  pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say \"Let me check that for you\"  he instead said \"Well  I m going to hang up now.\" And he made good on that promise  and hung up.\n4- Despite saying we d get  a cal  a few weeks ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of us gained  a few lbs over the winter  this cal never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit as it needed to.\n5- We were at one point informed that MW had our emails on file and that   Not  a single groomsman received any such email to that effect.\n6- One of the groomsmen randomly received  a black tie while everybody else had white. Another received no studs. We discovered this approximately two hours to s \n7- On picking up my tux  I informed the associate \"I l be unable to get to  a Men s Wearhouse for  a few days after the wedding  is this alright \" to  \n8- My girlfriend was also caught totally of guard by the associate at Ros Park Mal  \n9- As the Best Man  I was given  a coupon card for  50 of my next rental at Men s Wearhouse. Since  I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW  I figured this would be an opportune time to use it. Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental    That is intended for YOUR wedding. Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year.\" \n10- The groom himself decided to use  a coupon to purchase  a suit for the wedding and to own  rather than rent  a tux for the occasion. He was ensured by the Homestead staf that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.   Granted  now  I am speaking for another person so take that with as much salt as you may  but he reiterated this fact to me several times prior to his wedding last week.\n\nOver my friends wedding weekend  any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding  the joke between the Groom and his Groomsmen was \"Effing Men s Wearhouse.\" For example  at  a restaurant  \"Wait  I asked for no onions on this sandwich.  - Effing Men s Wearhouse \" \"Noise complaint at the hotel room  Men s Wearhouse.\"\n\nAnother groomsman looked at me   You became the but of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around  a wedding to  \n\nTL;DR  - 10 mistakes  several rude associates and  1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank.  
  I went in to get my suit that  I bought last year tailored because  I had lost some weight and  I couldn t have had  a better experience.   Anna came out to perform the measurements and mark up the suit. She checked everything  even changes  I hadn t thought to have made to make sure the suit fits me perfectly   Best of all    Better yet  they had the suit ready for me early  avoiding the rush for me to pick it up before  I left. Everyone was extremely helpful and diligent and  I wil continue to only get changes done at this store.  
  I got  a cheese pizza delivery from here once  and  I feel like..it s one of those places  \"\n\nIt was just boring to me.  And  I love cheese pizza  \n\nBut some of my coworkers like to eat here on occasion  so maybe some of their other stuf is better.  I wouldn t know.  
  I have no idea   This week   I was looking for  a very specific pair of heels  and DSW was my go to place.  I found  a fabulous name-brand pair at  a great price. While browsing around  there was an associate   Thankfully  the cashier was an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady    Though  I didn t really need to sign up  she was so kind that  I couldn t say no.  I plan on going back very soon   
 I ve been coming to this DSW approximately every other month over the last year. The Waterfront is my go-to place   \n\nI came here on Friday night needing to zone out and to just try ridiculous amounts of shoes for fun.  I headed back to the clearance  unusual for me   and wow    Seychelles summer wedges for  14. Minnetonka suede booties for  50. Both the styles and the prices were spot on   I ended up purchasing  a pair of Audrey Brooke summer wedges for  12 along with some Nina silver \"wedding\" pumps for  30.  \n\n  \n\nThe first several times that  I shopped here  customer service was dismal  as mentioned in my previous review .   This is  a significant difference from   \n\nKeep up the good work  - and the great assortment  - and I l be back often   
 Great on line service  2nd time placing an order on line and they made it easy as far as getting the correct sizes in  a timely manner.  
 This Bed Bath    Beyond seems like your average store location.  I don t have anything to bad or to exciting to say about this location. descent products and descent service.  I would just recommend taking al of your Bed Bath    Beyond coupons with you    
  I love bed bath    beyond  \n\nThe employees at this particular one are always available and helpful  \n\nThe selection  plus the 20  of coupons keep me coming back  and its also   \n\nOveral  I wil be back many  many times  
 We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location. The customer service was outstanding  One of the employees  Chris  walked around with us to help us pick out exactly   The wedding registry coordinator  Christina  was also very helpful and accommodating. They treated us as if we were royalty.  I would recommend this wedding registry without  a doubt   
 Basically after being sent here after not having the item at another location   I walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be. And yet again  the exact one is not on the shelf.\n\nFrustrated   I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask whether or not they have it.   After  I told them  I did that already  one of the employees had an ingenious idea. Instead of checking the kitchen part of the store     \n\nSo that just makes me think that they had this item at the other store  but just weren t in tune with knowing that the item was located in another part of the store.\n\nEverything after that was  a smooth ride. Wedding registry updated  purchased  and gift wrapped. Yes  these places have an area that you can gift wrap for free. It says it s  a do it yourself area  but for some reason an employe did mine for free. Only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping items have the store name on it     
 This is  a very small  yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just  a pleasure to purchase from.  
 If you must eat at Eat  N Park  this is the one you want to go to.   The corporate offices are right next door and the suits are there every day  breakfast lunch and dinner. \n\n  Then we drive over to this eat  n park  \n\nThis place is spotless  the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good  for  a chain.  
  I like this Eat n Park. Even though it is  a chain  not al of them are created equal. The wait staf and kitchen staf really make  a big difference in whether or not an Eat n Park is worth patronizing. Eating here   I change my mentality  a bit.  I always order the seven dollar BBQ burger with the salad bar ad on for two dollars. In my mind   I always se myself ordering the seven dollar salad bar with  a two dollar hamburger.    I love that they have spinach and not just iceburg lettuce.  I wish other Eat n Parks were more like this one.  
 Great location   I love that you can substitute burger with  a veggi patti and that they have gluten fre bread. Love love love the smiley cookies :   
 Always good food at  a fair price. It s not gourmet  but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food  friendly service  and desserts to go. Can t beat it.  
 The food is usually pretty good    Most of the staf are pretty friendly and sweet but there are  a few sour ones in the bunch that make the experience not as nice as it could be. Although they stil technically do their job  you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and se   It s  a hit and miss. Unles you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staf members    
 Eat  n Park is usually decent. This location though has HORRIBLY SLOW service. Seriously  we never wait les than 10 minutes for  a server to acknowledge us  and we live near the Waterfront  so we ve given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times. Each time hoping that the last was just  a fluke  new staff  or something. It s not. Doesn t matter   It seems we are not acknowledged for several minutes  and then the service is mediocre at best. Occasionally  we ve had  a stellar service  but it s few and far between. Today  after waiting 15 minutes  then getting up to find  a server in another section  we were informed that we were sitting in  a \"closed\" section. That server offered to serve us  but honestly  we left.  I told the hostes   I ve never had this issue at any other EnP. We left  drove to the Squirrel Hil location  and our orders were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the Waterfront. Mgmt- you have  a beautiful  prime location. Get your hosts and servers on the same page   
 Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts  The oreo pie is amazing  The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be  a little more clean.  
 This is  a stop  I hit   It s  a pretty large store with lots of goodies. Yes  it takes time to find things  I like  but that s   Overall  of al the TJ Maxxes I ve been to  from New Mexico to Boston   this is  a pretty good one.  
 This TJ Max is quickly becoming  a weekly stop for me  The corporate team is definitely giving this store  a lot of love with the product that they receive. Lately   I haven t been able to go into this store without spending at least  50-100. Dangerous \n\nAs you walk in  handbags are the first thing you see. Last time  I visited the store   I was on  a mission - coffe table decor - but was quickly sidetracked by  a large  briefcase-sized  black leather Michael Kors bag priced half-of the suggested retail price. So tempting. but  I forgot about this amazing bag   One was Design History     I also found Adrienne Vittadini flats for  29  Meri Meri cupcake kits for  7  Woodwick candles for  10-12  and  a luxurious Tahari throw blanket for  29.  I walked out of the store minus  120 in my debit account with at least  300+ of product.\n\nI ve also been delightfully surprised by the cleanlines of the store and the fitting rooms and by the friendlines of the staff.  I was having an issue with my debit card while there  and the two associates that  I worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.\n\nI l definitely be going back in the next week or two to se    
 Great variety and exceptional bargains. From home decore to clothes and specialty foods and gadgets  TJ Max has got you covered.\n\nIt s hardly ever crowded  store is clean and check outs are quick.  
  I enjoy this TJ Max location. I m not sure that any TJ Max in Western PA has as good of  a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx   yes  that s right   I really did say Johnstown  but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space  and there is  a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge  but decent.\n\nThis location always has  a few Blis products     I mean    \n\nI generally don t have  a lot of succes with shoes at TJ Max because they never seem that discounted to me  but  I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer  I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under  40 at the beginning of summer  and I ve had succes with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me  a happy girl \n\nAl in all  this is  a great location  and one that  I frequent at least  a few times per month.  
 Decent size  decent selection  decent staff.\n\nI gues that can   As with many other stores that are like this  the product rotates depending on   Can always snag  a deal here.  I was able to pick up  a pretty sweet Puma jacket for  10  can t beat that  right \n\nThat being said  there are those times that you may not find anything as well. So really don t get your hopes up if you are looking for  a specific item.  
  I was some  This is  a fairly smal Marshalls. It didn t look like the store received the worst items around  they just don t appear to have  a lot of diversity like many of the other Marshalls that  I patronize. Wil  I return  Yeah   I will.  I had one item in mind that  I was looking for and didn t look for very many other things.  
 If you re looking for  a wallet   a new cheap purse or something of that nature--this is the place to go.\n\nOtherwise  this kind of shopping just isn t for me \nI don t have the patience for clothes shopping here though.\nThe racks drive me nuts bc they re in no particular order.\n\nIts \"Shirts/Sizes\"  \"Pants/Sizes\"  \"Jeans/Sizes\"  \"Coats/Sizes\"\nI can t look through  a gazillion racks of shirts looking for something  I like  aimlessly  in  a  M or L.  I just cant do it  lol\nWish  I could  I d probably find some deals.\n\nPROS:\nSome good deals\n\nCONS:\nYou ve gotta \"dig deep\" to find  em  
 Since both Marshalls and TJ Max are owned by the same company   I make sure to stop by both locations    I generally find nothing or spend only  10 or so at Marshalls  while being enticed to spend at least  50-10 at TJ Maxx. The Waterfront TJ Max seems to have not only the same product as this Marshalls plus  a   Al that to say   I consider shopping here  a waste of time since  I could just drive  a block or so and be at  a store owned by the same company that always has   Sorry  Marshalls  but you re just OK to me.  
 Finally   I restaurant in Pittsburgh that  I can give  4 stars  Mitchell s is located on the Waterfront and is one of the nicer restaurants in that area. The interior is  a classic  clean  modern seafood restaurant- dark wood  glass  etc. The menu has really great seafood selections and is printed daily. But here s   Two of these smal plates would make  a sufficient meal  along with the sourdough French bread they bring out . Finally  while the drinks aren t cheap  they re creative  tasty and fresh. Al in all   I had  a great experience  and  I think this place would be perfect for  a date or  a happy hour with the girls from the typing pool.  
 This is one of the few restaurants  I frequent in the Waterfront.   You probably wouldn t. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining  and that s  a Pittsburgh mystery to me . The restaurant is never to crowded and you won t get packed in like sardines in  a tin can. So you can enjoy  a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one s . \nThe food is very good but you may have to shel out  a few clams of your own     . If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the sea bas  99. They wil cook your food one of several ways.  I like my fish broiled  their signature is to salty for my liking. Bread is mmgood and hot  free . Staf is very accommodating ie you can request to sample  a soup and the servers are pleased to do so.  I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo.  A bowl of this creamy delight goes  a long way..bonus they tos in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as reminds me of my youth on Long Island s south shore  but that s another story . Salads  a bit skimpy and some   7.95 for basic house salad . Bottom line is Mitchell s at the Waterfront is wel worth taking the splash for if you really like  a nice seafood dinner.  
 Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It s just delicious.\n\nThe establishment is always clean  the staf courteous and the fish  of course  fresh. \n\nOddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you. It s always so warm and tasty.\n\nThe deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that  I really liked\n\nThey also have  a thre course fixed price option last  I went that was  a great value.  I think it was  20/person for lunch.  
 An excellent choice for fresh  wel prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.  I frequent this area for busines travel  and you can t do much better without heading downtown.\n\nThe seafood is excellent  with  a daily menu crammed ful of fresh fish specials   a raw bar  and  a list of chef s specialties. The house salad is sweet and delicious  and the  shanghai  seafood preparation is delicious  healthy  and unique. Try it with the scallops or  a white-fleshed fish.\n\nThere is  a nice selection of regional beers on tap   a decent selections of wines  and creative drinks  think elderflower and pear martinis . The deserts are adequate  though not  a highlight. \n\nIf you re on the Waterfront  you won t do better than this. Enjoy   
  I did not know this is  a franchise restaurant until  I had looked it up on the internet. This is the only restaurant  I was not familiar with by the waterfront. My mom and me sat on the outdoor patio  the weather was very nice on  a breezy summer day. \nThere was  a great prix fixe special for  23   \nThe fish was fresh. My mom s chilean sea bas shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bas had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than  I expected. My desert was creme brulee     I love  a good sugar coated dessert.  
  A very nice meal in  a very nice restaurant\n\nPROS:\nVery good food\ninteresting choices--not your typical red lobster crap\nGreat service\nVery clean  restrooms  included \n\nCONS:\nn/a  
  I took my cousin from California here for lunch. We were both eating lite since a   I was dieting and b  my family was having dinner at my mother s house and she was slaving over lasagna al day  so if anyone knows anything about Italian mother s  you better arrive hungry. Back to mitchell s   I had the iceberg wedge with bacon  egg  tomatoes and  a delicious home made blue cheese dressing.  I also ordered  a bowl of seafood gumbo   It wasn t overly packed with rice  as  a matter of fact  there wasn t much rice at all. It was mostly shredded crab  scallops  and shrimp with  a very delicate broth that wasn t to thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing. It wasn t  a lot of heat  just enough to make it exciting. As for the iceberg wedge salad  every once in awhile  I need  a piece of iceberg instead of  a bowl of spring mix  ie: tender weeds . The star of this salad was the chef made blue cheese dressing. It was not overly thick  very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and eg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily  a pound slice.  I tasted  a little bite and must say it s the best carrot cake I ve ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than \"cheesy\"  it was  a great surprise   There were   Also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than I ve tasted in the past.  I highly recommend it. It was  a wonderful lunch and I m sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to Riverside.  
 This place has great seafood. The best in the area.  I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes al the time depending on   Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters. Their clam c  Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don t forget  a reservation on weekends. You wil not get  a table and wil probably wait an hour or two if you don t have one. We never get to the dessert. Always to ful to eat dessert. Forgot to take pictures.  
 Mitchell s Fish Market is  a very nice place to eat..for  a chain restaurant. And actually  if it wasn t  a chain  it wouldn t be to bad either. The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant  - the room was warm and intimate  perfect for  a date. It wasn t to noisy or to crowded  and we were seated right away on  a Friday around 7:30 pm.\n\nOur server was friendly  and happy to give recommendations.  I started with  a house salad    She brought it to us on two separate plates    Poppy seed dressing was okay  it s pretty thick and creamy as  I remember  but tasty.\n\nI ordered from the special menu  since they had  a bit of  a lobster promotion going on. My entre was  a combo: lobster tail  and \"lobster pot pie.\" Now  lobster is  a beautiful thing  but  I have to say..it wasn t beautiful here. It wasn t awful  but it didn t taste as fresh as  I like  I m guessing that s because the meat was frozen originally . It s just  a shame. Dipping the lobster in butter was  a pleasant experience  but it s supposed to be an ecstatic one.\n\nThe lobster pot pie was totes not    I pictured  a flaky  golden crust   a delicious creamy lobstery gravy  and big hunks of lobster and vegetables. Instead..I got   There was  a lot of sauce    Whaat  It wasn t bad or anything  but not    I was  a little bummed out. \n\nSo everything we ate was just fine  and nice  .but  I think in future I d rather just head to the Strip  get  a lobster  and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn t try their fresh preparations  so  I can t say  \n\nI d say in the Waterfront though  it s probably one of your better options. Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices. And the atmosphere is great  including the service.  
 Excellent service  great meal  They had an excellent selection of seafood  and  I can t wait to dine again  
 Delightful  After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront  we zoomed past   We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitres even filled our water bottles for us  The interior of the restaurant is very nice  sea-themed  and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to  a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional  knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on  a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first  muddled basil  grapefruit juice and vodka  I forget the name . SO refreshing  the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was  a frothy pineapple-vodka with  a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners.  I stuck with  a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :  The ap we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was  a pretty decent size to split  and came with sushi rice   a red onion/cucumber relish  ginger and wasabi.  I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good  - definitely recommend  My bf couldn t help himself so he also ordered  a cup of lobster bisque    He also polished of some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and  I had no idea it was even  a chain. The waiter said they were expanding  so hopefully the quality and service don t go down.  I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren t bad  it was the lunch menu  - I m sure the dinner menu is pricier.   I felt like  I was on vacation and I l definitely be back   
 This was  a great find near Pittsburgh alternative to down town scene. Ambiance was great on the deck by the river  and service was excellent  Thanks Melisa for history lessens  . Seafood including Oysters were fresh and wel prepared. Price was reasonable for \"Prefix\" menu including scrumptious dessert.    
 DRINKS: Water for me  Yuengling for my fiance\nAPPETIZERS: Cup of Maine Lobster Bisque for me - so good  My fiance had the New Orleans Seafood Gumbo  .very rich and creamy but ful of flavor with  a fair amount of lobster bits mixed in. The bread they served with the apps was fresh baked  I believe sourdough  and it was quite tasty along with the whipped butter. Our entrees came with house salads  - had great elements  but  I felt  I couldn t enjoy mine because the dressing given was  a poppyseed vinagrette and  I can t handle to much acidity in my food these days. My fiance  \nENTREES:  I had one of the specials  Grilled Shrimp and Scallops with roasted summer vegetables and tomato vinagrette    The seafood part was great  - the vegetables were so-so. My fiance had the special of Cod stuffed with Lobster  and some other seafood  with asparagus and  a lemony sauce  -  I had  a taste of his and it was really yummy  I l def order that next time  We both finished our plates   \nDESSERT: Didn t order any\nSERVICE: Friendly  though  a little sparse. After we finished our meals we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check. But our server was overal friendly and we didn t feel neglected or anything.\nDEALS/DISCOUNTS: None\nOVERALL: We liked the variety and freshnes of seafood. Def  a place we d consider going to again     
 Got lunch from here today. \n\n   
 We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us mis our reservation some  We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7  they run happy hour   \n\nI had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was  a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness  the wait staf was very attentive.\n\nMy wife s steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to  a perfect medium level. We wil def be back.  
 Went on  a Saturday   2 hour wait. food is good   I got some seafood gumbo to go and  I won t do that again. Seemed like it didn t have any seafood in it.  
 The service is great and friendly.  I got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it was superb.  I love the fresh  right out of the oven bread too.  I got the Atlantic salmon  and it was probably the best fish  I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation  and they were right. Just make sure you make  a reservation  Best seafood restaurant in da burgh   
 Service was slow  but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender  her favorite server  serve us in our private room for  a party of 8. The food and drinks were good and we woud return.  
  I am bummed about this-  I had high hopes. Here s  a rundown of the evening:\n\nPros:\n- super friendly waitress  Stephanie    And  I don t feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back.\n- fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat-  \n- scallops were meh- came with weird veggies  unevenly seared  and no real flavor. And at  a  \n\nI doubt we l go back- for those prices   I would prefer McCormick s or Ruth s Chris.  
 Good food..yummy  
 Service an atmosphere was great.  I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.  
  I went here on  a recent busines trip  and there aren t many decent options in West Homestead  so  I decided to splurge on the company s dollar and ordered take-out. \n\nI was highly disappointed in the service  and  I only ordered take out. Upon going to the bar to announce that  I was there for take out  there were  3 other people at the bar. The bartender had her back to me and it wasn t until  a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me. \n\nAfter announcing the reason for my visit  she checks on my order  not ready yet  and helps other tables. No offer of water  or  a drink. Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me  a drink  she stated to him my order would be right up. He then asked if she offered me  a water  to   He placed  a glas of water in front of me.\n\nThen  I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.  3 staf members yelled.  . .\"it s TAKEOUT\" so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.\n\nGentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet  she had not \n\nAfter more time had passed     it finally is put down in front of me. She then rings me up.  I don t expect take out to be piping hot  but at this point  i wondered if it was even going to be room.\n\n   I now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with. \n\nVERY DISAPPOINTING experience. Wil not be returning.  
 Wil  I come here again  Yes absolutely for drinks  they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park. The ambiance is very nice. Of the  4 types of reviews  I give  awesome  OK  bad  \" Our waitres was very friendly and did  a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato. We went with appetizers she recommended. Not good. \n\nSeared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub  the prep  the tuna wasn t cool inside  the chips were not good  there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi. NOT good. With heartfelt advice  compare this against Outback s ahi tuna appetizer and it s no contest. The chef should do so.  He s  a nice guy like me  I hope.  \n\nBBQ shrimp: go try Redstone s  Philly  buffalo shrimp appetizer. It is chilled  very delicious. This appetizer was recommended and was garbage. The barbecue sauce was horrible  overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients  palate. Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real \"must-miss\". \n\nCod entre was OK. The skillet beans were to firm  to mature  they need petite green beans. Potato skin had grit in the mashed.   The price was close to Capital Grille  but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up. The place is nice.  
 Had the blackened fish taco s  the were very good along with  a pint of Guinness. Recommended.  
 First of  I have to note  their Maine Lobster Bisque is amazing. Definately don t mis out on it. \n\nThat being said  we had lunch there and the lunch portions are  a good value.  I had the Cedar Plank salmon. The fish was fantastic  except that the vegetables were  a little bland. \n\nThe atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed  and  I don t think I ve ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there  so it is  a nice place to go to have  a quiet meal with someone special.  
 The service was mostly friendly but  I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and  I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones. Overall   I thought it was mediocre and  I was expecting more for the prices.  
 The food was really good  but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the smal side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me.  I got the \"shark fin\" pie and it was really good. The waitres thought  I wouldn t be able to finish it. but  I s  Take that  waitress.  
  I have passed by this place  a zillion times and never given it  a second look.  I thought it might be  a Red Lobster knock off. Then  I asked  a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had  and liked it.\n\nI was pleasantly surprised by   Very cozy. Much more upscale than  I had thought it would be. The service was terrific. Lots of things to choose from on the menu.  A bit pricier than  I had imagined. Most entrees were any  But this is Pittsburgh and this is seafood.\n\nThat said  they started us of with really delicious sour dough bread. Butter was soft   Our entrees came pretty quickly.  I had  a seafood assortment of blackened talapia  grilled sea scallops and salmon cooked on  a plank. The scallops were just done   I like them cooked  a little more. Everything else was pretty good.\nMy beloved had the crab cakes and really enjoyed them.\n\nWe l probably be back  but wil order something different. We liked it.  
 Food was excellent. Went for the Sunday brunch and loved it.  I highly recommend the steak and eggs with the zucchini pancakes  really an outstanding dish. Oh  and if you get the carrot cake..one is enough for everyone  It was huge  and it was so good   I don t know   Really was an excellent experience  my only reason for not giving it  a five star review was that there was to much time in between our courses. There was probably  a good 40 minutes that passed between our salads and our entrees. That s  a little long for me   Usually  I don t eat  a breakfast if I m going to something like that  so 40 minutes was to long for me.  
 Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard  over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor.  I wil say the service was the best. Our waiter was great   
 absolutely delicious. wonderful service.  
 We had  a bigger party and  I think that might have flustered the waitresses just  a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out  but were super apologetic   The food was ok.  I ordered the crab cakes they were  a bit heavy on the breading  so  I would give them  a rating of  \"eh\". My friend ordered  a steak  asked for medium rare  and it came out..wel done. He was to hungry to complain and just ate it. We might go back again  and this time maybe take  a bit more time looking over the menu.  
 Very very good chain family restaurant.  I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of  5  I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It s hard for me to give  a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.  
 Love this place  - they were very accommodating to me  Peanut and Gramma  she goes often . Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make  a good Margarita. We al enjoyed al of our food as well. Great view of the Mon too.  
 Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food.  I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with  a little bit of spice. This is  a great place for  a seafood lover.  
 My husband and  I went to Mitchell s last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took  a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon  after lunch but before the dinner crowd .  I can t say enough about this place..we have gone here on  a few occasions and I ve always been please with everything. \n\nPros: Nice friendly waitress   \n\nCons: None on this visit or any previous visits  
 Love this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though  takes FOREVER to our meals  Even during lunch time    I don t understand  I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh  lobster is delicate and tasty  and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam c  Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for  a date night :  pricey  Definitely  be prepared to spend at least  20/person   
 First  I would like to say that  I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. \nThat being said   I came here and was delighted by my server Michael   \nI originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas  the ran out upon my ordering  in   Hence  the tuna. \nNow the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly  with the rare flavor stil intact. \nI would most definitely come back again and if  I lived in the area  this would be one of my top spots.  
 Good quality food here. The clam c  I d go here again if possible.  
  I love Mitchell s Fish Market. 95  of the time  the food is amazing but    The last time we were at Mitchell s   I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers. My lobster was underdone. The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though  I had eaten most of it. Then  to make our night even better  comped us  a dessert. It s that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.  
  I have eaten some very good dinners here. Although it s  a chain   I would say it s several notches above the other chain restaurants. The chef here seems to ad some creativity to the menu  so  I wil be definitely back again soon.  
 The patio view is beautiful  and the food is good  too  We ordered the Gril Rainbow trout  Shang Hai Rainbow trout  Crispy Ginger cod    rainbow trout. Everyone is happy about the dish. They have music every Thursday  it is  a little bit loud  but the band is really good. Wil come again   
 Mitchell s is located on the river side of the Waterfront and out of the crazy \"let s fight to find  a parking spot\" area. They do take reservations  but doubtful you need one on  a weekday during lunch. It wasn t busy  \n\nMitchell s has  a cool layout  - large ful bar in the middle  private large rooms for large parties  smaller areas for busines lunches  ful dining room seating with tables and booths  and an excellent outdoor patio   \n\nThis is  a seafood restaurant with lots of good options for fresh in season fish. You can choose from  a number of different fish to have prepared for salads  sandwiches  or just as they are.  I had the chopped salad and added scallops to it. Delicious  \n\nThe price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around  15 with your lunch and  a soda/iced tea. For that price  you really can t complain.  I drop almost that much at Panera on  a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea. \n\nI m sure it s much busier for dinner but  I find Mitchell s to be an excellent place for  a busines lunch or just meeting friends. I ve been here for brunch as wel and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab.  
 Went for dinner Friday evening with friends and sat at the outdoor patio. It is so nice and relaxing there with the river and bike trail. The sourdough bread they serve is always hot and fresh. The Chilean sea bas just melts in your mouth  it was awesome. The Cod stuffed with shrimp and lobster was also very good.  I had the carrot cake for dessert  it is big enough for  3 people. It was so delicious. My friend had the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e     I was here  3 times this summer and every meal was excellent.  
 My family and  I go here   The food is fantastic and the service cannot be beat  at least not   Best servers in the  burgh   I took my Dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday  didn t tel anyone that it was  a special night out  but they treated us with such attention  accommodating our needs to  a T. Kennedy adjusted meals to fit our taste  suggested things based on  .I could go on  but needles to say  it was just  a fabulous meal and was worth every penny. We got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start  lobster bisque soup  cedar plank salmon  Chilean sea bass  and  a fish medley made to order. We also always get the  7 layer carrot cake     A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy  he s  a real dude.  
 Have been here  a few times. The wait staf is always top notch and food is very good.  I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was  a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted   Overal like in the past we had  a great experience at mitchells    
  I went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family. The restaurant is located on the Waterfront area. The variety of fish was excellent  including the fresh fish of the day.  I ordered the atlantic cod and it was delicious.\nThe waitress  service was really good. \nI definitely recommend this restaurante.  
 Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront.  
 Top points. \nService.  I was there with  a large group for  a meeting. They gave us  a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. \n\nAppetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I m always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. \n\nWedge salad with bleu cheese. Waay to much cheese and  I like bleu cheese. \n\nI had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry  Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. \nTuna had blackening spices but needed  a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. \nOther dishes seen--fisherman s platter. Looked  a little greasy  but that s expected from me in  a ful fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. \n\nOveral I m always underwhelmed and overcharged here.  I gues with chain places you get that  but  I want more from  a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.  
  A OK \n\nReally loved the bacon wrapped shrimp  So amazing with the sauce on the side. This was probably the the best part of the meal. \n\nI also had blacken salmon with  a double order of spinach instead of  a starch. The spinach was just steamed without any flavoring.   \n\nThe service was great as well  We were always taken care of. \n\nWil definitely bring my bf here in the future.  
 This was my first time at this location. I ve frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant. There s  a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don t usually eat at chain restaurants nor wil  I review them because they re typically big food corporate run places that don t care   This place seems different to me. The food quality and care seems to be very high. \n\nThe staf is always wel trained.  I like the decor and ambiance. The menu offers many options.  I don t really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be smal in some of the dishes but overal  I am  a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home. \n\nWe were here for  a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people. The room was  a little smal and it ended up being to loud to but the staf really pulled it of overall. It s  a tough thing to do. It wasn t perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh. Nicely done.  
 My husbands first time. Nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking.  I had  a trio of Jamaican jerk tilapia  salmon  and scallops. Al good but to much sauce on scallops. Husband had surf  n turf special. Snow crab legs tasty but smaller portion than  I expected. Glad they had raw oysters  but no idea   For  2.50 each you d think they d say. Waitstaf friendly but inexperienced   We taught two of them   Nice time out  but two gripes. Used my phones flashlight to se if there was an outlet on the floor. Felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinners gone by. Crumbs  napkins wedged between booth and wall  gum  dirt. For the price  I would expect  a cleaner place. our waiter kept saying Thank you. After every single sentence  even   Silly gripe  right  But it was way over the top and felt more like  Can  I have  a tip  Can  I have  a tip   
 In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.\nBroiled scallops were very good  partner had sea bas stuffed with lobster  also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was  83. In and out in an hour.\nI d go back because the fish was that good  
 Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters very fresh .  I always like appetizers more than their entrees  
  I love old navy clothing  it s vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too   I love the painter s jeans.  
  I hadn t been shopping at Old Navy for at least  a year or two. Recently   a friend of mine told me that she loved their new Fall/Holiday collection  so  I popped by based on her recommendation.  I absolutely love their winter outerwear  They have  a lot of beautiful coats this year for amazing prices  and  I just had to pick up two  only  70 for both with their current sale .\n\nOutside of their current product   I was impressed by the size of the store    Though it is  a lot of square footage to cover   I was not impressed by their sales floor customer service. Yes  it s Old Navy  but  I shopped in this store thre times over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear.  \n\nOverall   a four star Old Navy experience. If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor  I d give them  a five   
 Very bad purchase experience.  I bought  a shirt with  a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves  but they denied my request to return it.  I am so angery at this and wil never shop their chothes anymore.  
 It s just like Old Navy any  \n\nI picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend  -  a  2.45 pair of flip flops  it was preparing to snow outside .  
 This store is laid out better than any other Old Navy I ve been to before. It was so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for. The staf was also very friendly.\nIf only al Old Navy stores were like this one.  
  I don t se to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick s seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it s good for smal children   It is  a very average store with average products.  I would like to se some attempt to carry more high end products.  I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so  I am not sure about these departments   I gues if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because  I se aisles upon endles aisles of these types of products.  
 Monopoly complete..I finally understand   Come on people   I need these warming items to keep from turning into  a Sal-cicle and  I am paying  a lot of money to accomplish this. The only saving grace is that the people are nice and the selection is there. Can we get some lower prices   
  I enter every sporting goods stores as  a soccer player  runner  and sports fan  so my reviews wil always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said  this is probably the worst Dick s location that I ve ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear    It s mostly low-end youth gear  too   \n\nThe staf at this location has always been really nice  though  and it s the closest location to   \n\nThey do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you re looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams  but this store just doesn t have the overal inventory necessary to be considered  a \"good\" Dick s location.  
 It is now  a shop and save.  
 This store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it s  Fifteen years ago if you didn t get there by 9am you would have fight  a crowd. Now it never seems al that busy. Many of the store s best and dedicated employees left or were let go  about five years ago  and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employe turnover has seemed to slow.  
 Underated and ignored  if you se this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style  Better then DiSallas the only thing  I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo s    they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wal type places and this is one of those enviroments  Smal and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon  To just enjoy with yourself and  a friend   
  I have to admit  the first time  I hate here   I absolutely hated the pizza. And  I think it was because  I was expecting something completely different than  I got. Latina Pizza is very different from most pizza shops. Instead if  a round thin crust pizza  this pizza is square  thick  and doughy. The crust is not really that good  but that is not   It s the homemade sauce. And that it is  a family owned place that is really pretty inexpensive. \n\nThe other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to Kennywood. So usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizzas and drinks. No lines  no waiting for tables  no outrageous prices. It s  a time to recharge  and sometimes we feel like going back to the park  other times we decide to go home.  
 Good pizza at  a great price. The unique crust that s both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody  but our   The sauce is good too  light but with  a good tomato flavor. \n\nThe best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under  40  with plenty of leftovers taken home.  
 This is the best experience I ve had at  a bike store in the Pittsburgh area.  I have been shopping around for  a couple months for  a new road bike    Also  since I m  a student   I don t have particularly deep pockets.\n\nAt Big Bang   I was greeted basically the moment  I walked in the door. I m kind of shy   Even though my price range was pretty low  they stil tried their hardest to find  a bike that suited my needs  and they found  a bike that fitted me perfectly  and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price . They take  a lot of care to make sure you re properly fitted to the bike.\n\nAlso  this is one of the few bike stores I ve been to   Definitely it s the only bike store  \" - they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike  rather than making  a quick sale.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone    
 I ve had mixed results here.  I would definitely recommend if buying  a new bike  but have had much les succes with items/parts I ve ordered or with repairs.  
    I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for  a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and  a few fixes are long gone. \n\nThis review is more for the repair end of BB. In their defense B does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike  ie Colnago  that you just don t find any  \n\nAt B  I was charged  250 for  a tune up and  a few other things. Granted this included installing  a sew up tire     20 at most  and installing new bar tape  cost of tape  20 and  20 to install  . SO WHAT\"S WITH  140 FOR  A TUNE UP  Wel the story goes like this:\n\nI bring the bike into B prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying   Turns out  I don t hear from these guys.  A week goes by ..two weeks..I think that s ok  I have two or thre other bike  I can turn to for  a ride. Then  I wind up going out of town for  a week thinking for sure I l get  a cal from them re: my bike is ready to roll..but no dice. So  I call. Turns out  a screw snapped   . He says \"Should be ready in  a few days\". So  I come in  a few days later to this mammoth bill.  I ask if  I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw   I don t think  I ever got  a straight answer   I look at the bil and can t se  a good breakdown of the charges. Normally  I would \"duke it over\"  a bil like this but  I figured..I had some   I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over  overhauled . But it wasn t. Wel B I l give you  a star because the mechanic did do  a good job in that my cycle shifts wel and the tape job on the bars looks great  nice wrap . Plus I l tos in  a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe  I would have rated B higher if  I was in the market for  a purchase instead of  a simple repair   
  I created an account just to review this shop  it s that awesome.\n\nThis is by far the premier shop in al of western PA  and arguably the state. \n\nGlen the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the U.S.   Having spent time in Europe  and with some of the biggest names in the industry  he truly knows  \n\nFurthermore; he s  a pleasure to talk to  incredibly friendly and passionate as anything about the sport. As for bike fitting  this is the only shop  I would go to  Glenn s knowledge and background can t be competed with  and he is incredibly thorough.\n\nYes  they equipment is expensive  but that s  a result of the quality they carry..not them setting prices high. Cycling is expensive  end of story. \n\nIf you re looking to pick up your next huffy  go to walmart. If you want  a quality bike that is going to fit you  and operate perfectly: go to big bang.  
 Bought  a bike there on my second time in the shop. Glen is very knowledgeable but can be  a bit overwhelming  annoying and pushy   I can se    I would encourage getting fitted and even buying  a bike there  but going back for service is  a   Same day service is unheard of here  even for the simplest of adjustments  no service is available at al on the weekends. the first time  I took  a bike there to have  a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted  I had already purchased and had the hanger  1 days went by before  I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just  a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt. The second time.  I took  a bike in to have  a damaged shift lever replaced with  a new 780 pair.  I called after  9 days and they said it wold be  2 days more.   Stay away from their service department  
   Glen is amazing and he wil help you reach your specific goals  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable. The best bike shop..by far. Great prices and service. We live in the north and won t hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related.  
 This place is the absolute BEST to purchase  a bike   I have been searching for  a bike for  a while now and every place  I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn. \nThe one guy in the shop helped pick me  a bike for   They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me  Oh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories  Wonderful service. Absolutely wil go back  . Can t wait   
 I ve got to be honest   I don t think I ve ever been as blown away by customer service as  I was here.  I went in about half an hour before closing  was not rushed at all.  I basically just walked in and said  I was interested in  a road bike but knew very little about them  I m  a MTBr .  I was helped by Glenn    At no point did he try to upsel anything  in fact  he didn t even ask me about  a budget . He just gave me  a few things to think about before  I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that wil give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed..this is absolutely    
 If you re in the market for  a high quality bike  whether it be road  mountain  racing  or hybrid  go to se Glen at BB. It s very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with  a bike that suited my needs.  I actually bought my Trek 730 over  3 years ago and  I absolutely love it  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment. Highly recommended.  
 Big Bang Bicycles is phenomenal  Amazing selection and service   I live in the San Francisco  Bay Area with plenty of premium bicycle shops available  but  I do most of my cycling shopping at Big Bang Bicycles   This shop carries top gear and has in stock tons of options so you can see  feel and evaluate them first hand to know   Glenn  the owner  is very knowledgeable  friendly and you can feel his passion for cycling and making sure you get the right product and fit for you. Even if you re not in the Pittsburgh area but you know   Awesome shop  Thank you Glen and team   
   This is about the only red sauce pizza  I ever get  a craving for  and boy   The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom  while stil having enough dough on the edge to provide  a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful  not too. well  doughy. The sauce is great  and they don t drown the pizza in it. There s just enough cheese; not so much it s an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can t tel it s there. If you can go while Mama s working  al the better.\n\nYou can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split  a smal  8-cut  pizza with one topping   9  and with our two cans of pop we were out for  10. You can t beat that. And I d put Bellisario s pizza up against any in the city.\n\nI grew up  a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario s and  I have  a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up  a cheese pizza to bring home  my mom being to dollar-conscious to pay for delivery   Every time  I have  a slice  it brings back great memories. But I ve had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as  I think it is.\n\nIt s  a little divey  stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza  but it s perfect. If you re in West Mifflin  say  going to Kennywood   drive over and eat  a pizza. They ve also got hoagies and calzones  and  I think that s about it. But with pizza this good     
 Okay so  I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne  PA     They were nice and cordial and cheap but  I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg  Downtown  run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust  while thin  did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were smal for their  8 slice   The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I ve definitely had way better.  2 stars for being cheap and delivering.  
 Good pizza and  i love the breadsticks..i don t know to much else about this place  
 Best menu best food in Pittsburgh  Thank goodnes  I only live  5 min away   
 Ok this is my first yelp review   I never left any reviews for other restaurants  but  I am writing it because  I want others to know about this place more.\n\nRestaurant run by family. very friendly  clean cooking environment  and Great food.  I would come to this place again and again  \n\nIts les than 10min drive from Kennywood  if you are visiting Kennywood you should definitely try this place.  
 Love this place. Run by family. Best General Tso s around. And   Spicy   
 Using an ap  I found for thrift-aholics thanks to my friend  Yvette  we came acros American Thrift Center out in West Mifflin on one of our al day thrift excursions. This store is  a little out of the way if you re not from this area  and you may feel you re getting  a little lost since you end up driving in  a more rural looking area until you get to the plaza   It has lots of parking in  a private lot and trust me the outside is no indication of   \n\nThis store has so much stuf packed into  a fairly large space. The clothing selection and shoe selection is the real gem here.  I love knick knacks as much as the next person  but eventually I m going to need to pick up  a new dres or jeans to cut into shorts.\n\nThe place wasn t packed    The clothes were organized wel and the prices were low. There was one thing though that sort of bugged me. It s not that  I LIKE the smel of thrifted clothes  but  I feel like anyone   This place does not use    I imagine it s some sort of disinfectant spray. You would think it would be  a good thing  but   No thanks.\n\nMy only complaints about American Thrift would be an outrageous  20 minimum for cards. \n\nTwo women working one register together that we re the least friendly store employees I ve encountered since 16 yr olds  \n\nNo dressing rooms.  I don t know  \n\nNot enough to keep me from coming back  but as far as I m concerned this is  a cash only place from this point forward.  
  I do like this store for the clothes. The prices are good on them. One thing  I don t like is the  20 minimum on cards. No one carries cash anymore  so  I think that s high. The people   Ever. They are friendly amongst themselves and wil point you in the right direction  literally     I wonder if they realize that we customers pay their paycheck.  I do like the 1/2 price discounts    LOL  There s no dressing room  but I ve gotten pretty good at holding an article of clothing up to me in  a mirror and guessing. The bad part about that is  if I m wrong   I own it anyway because there are no returns or exchanges. Al in all   I wil continue to go there    
 Great food  service and prices. It s in  a not so great part of town  but lock your doors and it s definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area  Try the almond torte   
 Thanks to Darren s sis Jessica  we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party.  I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips  but they were al good. It s to bad about the area in    
 Came here from PGH for the first time. This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian  5 grain. Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting. Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate  extra chewy and humongous. Delicious.\n\nAnd  a sweet old lady serving em up.\n\nThe best.\n\nDelicious.  
 Absolutely the best bakery I ve been in ever  The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls.    coffe cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable.  I wil dream about Minerva s delicacies until  I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw  - the staf is the best.  
 It sounds crazy to drive to Mckeesport for  a cookie but Minerva is the BEST  Cookies and pies are incredible. Cakes are lovely and the pastries are worth the workout to get rid of them. \n\nThey have  a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle  sometimes they sel out.  
 Years after the first reviewer came here  the quality is stil great and deserving of more than  5 stars.\n\nThe people   The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on   They turned out ok  but not as good as getting them fresh from the store. \n\nIt can be  a bit of  a drive from any   
 These are the best pierogies EVER  My favorite is the jalapeno pierogie    It is such  a treat to get these    
 Love butter  Then get the to Pierogies Plus.\n\nI live in St. Louis  and it seems like the only pierogi  I can find are in my grocer s freezer. Oh  but  \n\nThe place stil looks like an old service station with  a tiny building and  a roof over an old gas pump island. Inside  though  magical elves. uh.  I mean fabulous Polish women. create deliciousnes with love - and butter. Have  I mentioned that butter is  a part of the deal  Because it totally is. You really should fast for two days before picking up pierogi from here.\n\nOh  but you l be happy you did. I m vegetarian  so  I only order meat-fre pierogi. I m in love with the saurkraut and the cheese varieties.   No  I m serious - the pierogi are SWIMMING in butter. It s the best thing ever. Everything is packed inside  a styrofoam container and  a plastic bag  because butter WIL spil out.\n\nYou also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to  say  lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in  a far-of city.\n\nBesides many varieties of pierogi  you also can get things from the deli cases. Last time   I had some apricot blintzes   a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy.  I really hope Pierogies Plus has the blintzes  \n\nAwesome thing: Pierogies Plus usually has coupons in the Entertainment Book. My best friend and  I steal al of the coupons from our families so that  I can get  a steady stream of discounted Polish goodnes each time  I visit.\n\nThe only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays.  I totally understand it - family time is important  - but that often coincides with my visits  I head east around the holidays mainly because  I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day . I ve learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule  though  because  I MUST have yummy goodness.  A pierogi-les Allison is  a cranky Allison.  
 These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They re freakin  amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And  I definitely think it s worth it to drive al the way out to McKees Rocks to get them.  I like to get them frozen  and bring them home and smother them in butter.  
  I was planning to attend  a conference in Pittsburgh and was researching food joints that  I wanted to check out.  A friend of mine insisted that  I go to Pierogies Plus telling me that the food was so good that ever since he went that he has had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year. While  I have never been  a huge fan of pierogies   I figured that  I should heed my friends advice since he generally steers me to places  I enjoy. Let s just say in this case  he hit the bal out of the park.\n\nI actually wound up going to Pierogies Plus straight from the airport. After getting in  a rental car and plugging in my GPS  imagine my surprise  \" and  I found myself sitting outside      I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.\n\nWanting to try everything   I wound up going with their Sampler Platter   The food was outrageously good. I m actually salivating just thinking back on the meal. The stuffed cabbage was not marred by the typical drynes that can afflict that dish and was perfectly sauced. The haluski   a dish  I had never heard of  was amazing.\n\nWhile  I can t expect everyone to make their way to Pittsburgh solely to go to Pierogies Plus  do yourself  a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly wil appreciate it   
 Traditional  tasty  fabulous. Order pierogies cold or hot for  a buck or two more. They always carry  4 main types of pierogies  with about 25 other kinds you can special order. There is always  a line     I never get tired of their halupki either. If you can deal with the billy graham leaflets and focus on the food  you l come out  a winner. Oh yeah  if you can  ask for the senior discount   
 Little ladies  sitting in the back of  a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of  a hill  making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onions. it almost sounds like  a strange Pittsburgher fairy tale  but this is no tale  - the finest pierogies I ve ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station  and my Polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family s goods.\n\nWhile in line  I met folks from Rhode Island  Kentucky  and North Carolina    After enjoying  a dozen of these filling  savory  perfect pierogies   I think once  I move away from here  I wil be making that same trip to Pierogies Plus myself.  
 Wel for my first time here  I was way les than impressed. The lady at the front counter was  a crab and the Pierogies really weren t that great. Rather than be kind and answering my questions  I settled with the potato and cheese pierogies.  I gues Bloomfield Bridge tavern or Mrs. T s is stil my go to place. And plus this place is way out of my way to be treated poorly.  I wouldn t go back  
 My coworkers and  I left our office in Crafton  headed for Pierogies Plus. The journey there took us past bizarre  abandoned-looking buildings  and roads that suddenly ended in cement blockades. The area is prime for use as the setting of  a slasher flick. \n\nBUT  the weird drive is totally worth it. Pierogies Plus is so legit. \n\nThe setting is reminiscent of Seinfeld s  Soup Nazi : tiny interior  people standing in line shoulder-to-shoulder  and  a lady behind the counter brusquely taking orders. Oh  and make sure you order your  rogies \"hot\" if you re planning on eating them soon  Otherwise  you get  em frozen.  There s  a slight up-charge for the hot ones  btw - electricity ain t free   \n\nThey were out of the plain potato and the potato and cheese varieties    I opted for the sauerkraut pierogies  and they were SO good  The interior was filled with sauerkraut mixed with potatoes  as opposed to many other sauerkraut pierogies I ve had that were filled with only kraut.  I definitely prefer the potato/kraut mix  They were also drowning in butter and onions. Like  serious  serious butter  - Paula Deen has nothin  on these ladies  butter usage. The kielbasa was awesome  too   I also sampled their haluski and it was the best I ve ever had. Tons o  butter  seasoned with generous amounts of salt  n  pepper  and there was quite  a bit of saut\u00e9ed onions in the mix    \n\nA few things to note: They have coupons you can print out on their website  but you must cut them out if you re gonna bring  em in and use them  You cannot just hand them the   If you want to order  a special variety  they need  2 days advance notice  check their site to se   They do accept credit cards  with  a  10 min. Yes  some of the ladies are not the friendliest  but the food is so good  they can be like that  and you l stil come back for more  And  parking is quite limited there. Pretty sure the building is  a converted service station. : \n\nAl in all  these pierogies are some of the best I ve ever had  and  I wil definitely be back very soon   
 Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It wil change your freaking life   
 OMG good pierogis in  a classic blue collar  hood. At first glance  it looks like  a place to get  a flat fixed on your tire. Instead   I re-learn   Just go there and eat   It s wel worth the mapquest .  
 Some great pierogies are expertly handmade with \"tender loving care \" here in this once-was-a-gas-station. Quality   I tel you. They re definitely worthy of  a pierogi pilgrimage. \n\nOrder them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice ladies also sel them cold to take home too. \n\nHot and buttery  buttery  buttery  and covered in sauteed onions is   So good. We shared the potato and cheese  potato and sauerkraut  and hot sausage varieties. Delicious  them all.  
 Best pierogies in tahn  \n\nI usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but I ve also tried  a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus. These pierogies can t be beat. Made by hand with love in the traditional old world style   I have yet to find better.\n\nIt s amazing to get there at 10:55am   5 minutes before they open and se the mad rush of people getting pierogies. By 11am  the line is already out the door. Always  a good sign. They serve their pierogies hot  cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions. And here at Pierogies Plus  they are definitely worth the wait.  
 Just finished  a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV  - always look forward to Pierogies Plus  - try the apricot for  a sweet treet   
 Apricot with cream cheese   .love this place  love it so much. Print the 10  of coupon on their website before going in. Make sure  u print it out  they wil not accept it other wise.  
 This little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays  - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door al day on Good Friday.  I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great  too  of course   
 Yummy  I ve never tried Polish food aside from  a sausage.  I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took  a while to get my food.  I think it s made to order. Regardless    Let s just say for me it was worth the wait.  
 Best pierogies I ve ever had. And  seeing as   that s  a lot. The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing  GO.  
 This place was really good. Ordered the sampler plate with one smal haluski  one stuffed cabbage  four pierogies.  I have to admit the haluski was EPIC  OMG THE BEST  I WAS LIKE WHAT AM  I EATING  SO FREAKIN GOOD  The pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wasn t as amazing  but it was tasty. The crab cake was nasty. Yuck   
 The experience was not that great. The lady taking the orders was nice  but not helpful with   The owner kept her back turn to us the entire time  based on the pictures and news articles  I read about her  I thought she would have been more social. To   Really had no idea   Haluski was good  the pierogies came Luke warm and soaked in oily butter. Like the cab driver said you can find better. I d pas on this spot.  
  I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and  I purchased enough so that  I could have leftovers the next day.     As it turns out    Sorry Allison B  ain t no butter here. Margarine is used as  a cost-cutting measure  and it just can t measure up.  I rinsed of the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions. The haluski got thrown away. For the prices being charged for these products  the proprietor can well-afford to use butter.  
 Decent pierogies but not the best I ve had. I ve eaten    Pierogies Plus two times. Both times  I got the potato    cheese pierogies. They are good   They are probably soaked in at least  a half  a cup or more of butter/oil.   Other than that the pierogies themselves are decent. \n  About  12 for  1 dozen. \nRecommend eating here if you re passing through or nearby but  I wouldn t go out of my way.  
 Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini s Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Wil be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes..were huge   
 Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of  a diner from the 1950 s  and half my grandmas kitchen.\n\nThe seating room is accommodation  the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.\n\nI had  a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage  potatoes  eggs  and peppers al on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents   I can put food away like  a champ and  I stil had leftovers.\n\nMy friend had  a succulent  buttery French Toast. Simple  but they nailed it.\n\nI would return.  
 On  a random Sunday morning  I went in search of  a good breakfast spot.  I decided to explore the McKees Rocks neighborhood and came upon Marge s Place.  I hadn t heard much about this place  but after reading the few reviews  I could find   I decided to give it  a try. \n\nInside  it s bigger than  I expected but stil has that down home diner feel. My gues is that most of the people there were regulars. The wait staf was friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me  someone they had never seen before.  I picked  a table in the corner so  I could observe    I ordered the breakfast special:  2 scrambled eggs with bacon  potatoes and toast. Any place that has Mancini s Italian toast already gets thumbs up in my book. Being in McKees Rocks  though  they really don t have  a choice. The potatoes were thin sliced with onions and very flavorful. The only way  I can think of to describe the bacon is..porkier. Is that even  a word   I just don t know   The combination of foods was served in generous portions at  a great price  under  5 . \n\nOne random note:  I liked the tables and chairs. They were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying  a cup of coffe with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating. Good distance between the table and chairs. That may sound silly  and  I thought so  too  at first. But   \n\nNot only wil  I return  but  I wil also recommend Marge s Place to anyone in the area. It was  a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this    
 Great service  great food at  a reasonable price  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good. Our waitres was friendly  attentive and quick to refil drinks. Can t wait to go back   
 Very quaint  Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work  and  I felt like  I was in  a diner in the 1950s. Had  a grilled cheese and fries  - the food was good and everyone was friendly.  
 Great smal town breakfast spot Highly recommend George s Mixed Gril . Delicious  
  I have live around this area al my life and My family would go here and  I would always decline to go  that is until Saturday my brother asked me if  I wanted to go to breakfast and  I had to say yes  just posted on facebook that  I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me  Lets get to the review  I am glad  I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right.  I would definitely go here again.  
 I m new to Pittsburgh so  I wanted to try out al the local spots first and let me tel you. This spot is definitely worth  a try  It s  a cute diner with  a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better   I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and  a coffee. Al of it was really good. I m not  a complainer but I m picky and honestly..I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  I highly recommend you stop by and give it  a try  You can thank me later. ;   
 Great service  friendly staff  great food  great prices.   Wil definitely be back  
 They do great quality work. The only reason  I did not give them five stars is for their lack of customer courtesy not once but twice.  I am  a very patient and understanding person  but being rude twice means you dont want my busines and  I tipped 20 .  
 This place is amazing  Jim is  a great artist  Traveled al the way from Tampa just to get my tattoo   I would recommend this place to everyone   
 Got my first tatto here in 1993 and my second  a couple weeks later. Al these \nYears later they stil look great. Haven t faded much and haven t\nHad em touched up. The shop is Professional and clean   I highly \nRecommend. Excellent quality work.  
 Called for an arrangement for pickup  told the person   She asked if  I could get there any earlier   I said  I would try my best  but  I work until 5pm  so maybe not. She said ok. \n\nComes to be 5pm and  I get  a cal from  a guy at the shop asking   The lady    I explained that  I never said that and picked the arrangement up  a little before 5:30pm. \n\nArrangement was just OK.  I specifically wanted  a lot of orange flowers    and some of the flowers were already  a little wilted. \n\nEven though the location is convenient   I wil probably go else   
  i had  a fantastic experience here.  I got to the shop just before they weer about to close  but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely.  I would make  a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.  
 The order proces went wel and the delivery arrived in  a timely manner.  I saw  a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement wasn t even close to  .a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement.  I picked this place specifically because of    I am disappointed because  I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend   \n\nI wil not order from this place again.  
 Ordered delivery   It wasn t super fast but wasn t unreasonable  45mins  and the pizza was so good that  I ended up eating way more than  I intended. Not to greesey with  a nice balance of cheese  sauce  dough  and toppings.  
 They don t deliver to me anymore  moved to Lawrenceville.   Nice balance with the sauce cheese and toppings. They have awesome house rolls  I m partial to the spinache and feta house rolls. They are SO delicious. Pretty cheap. The delivery time is kind of long  but they are open late  and  I love that.  
 Meh. I ve ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that  I haven t had pizza from this place yet \n\nTheir steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about  but  a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.\n\nThe seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter  I couldn t quite eat it; I m wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps  a leftover burnt taste from the oven.   The shrimp weren t that good either  suffering as they did from that certain \"I taste like iodine\" flavor.\n\nThe advantage to R B is that they re open reasonably late  given the location  but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver.    
 This was the first place we tried after moving to Bellevue  and over  a year later  we stil order almost weekly. Their staf is really friendly  delivery always quick  or at least doesn t ever take longer than the estimated time given   and food is delicious. \n\nFive stars for the staf and the food  but four stars because  I wish they had better specials.  
 My fianc\u00e9e and  I have made R B s our Friday night dinner tradition for over  a year. the food is consistently amazing  and portions are HUGE. Whether you choose to pick up or have it delivered  it s always les then 30 minutes  - and can we take  a second to acknowledge the staff  Always exceedingly friendly  and happy to accommodate any special requests. Sadly  we re moving out of the area in two weeks  so we won t be able to continue our tradition. But if you haven t given them  a try  do it   might  I suggest the Buffalo Chicken sub and the cheese and bacon fries  epic    
 Lots of memories from this place for me. Their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy does it take me back to the 80 s-90 s and growing up in Pittsburgh.\n\nI am slightly disappointed that they moved to  a new location in Bellevue. Their old one  while  a bit dirty and run down  had quite the charm to it. The new place looks to clean cut and it seems like they re trying to be something they re not     
 Excellent pizza  - although the mushrooms were from  a can. But the crust    sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly  
 Service was very good..calzone was excellent.  
 Best pizza in the North Boros.  I can t make  a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi s.  .but the pizza is stil just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust  but the Sicilian is also excellent. The fried zucchini is  a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great  too. The calzones are tasty  but may cause  a coronary- if you expect more than  a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone  you l be disappointed. Because it s Pittsburgh  the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out  but there is also  a mid-sized dining section.  
 Best all-meat pizza in the area. Always done delivery  never eaten in the restaurant  so  I can t speak to the dining experience.  
  I have been eating at Luigi s since before birth  my mom loves this stuff . The new location is nice  but  I mis the cozines of the old place. \nThe food has been consistent through the transition    Also   I have read  a few other reviews that said Luigi s has left but  I talk with him every time  I am in. Regardles this is  a great family owned pizzeria and  I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta : .  
 Luigi s pizza is amazing  The sicilian pizza takes me back to    I can t wait to go back  - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :   
 Luigis is the best of the best. Awesome  authentic pepperoni.  I have eaten here for years. This place is  a tradition in my family and it s stil as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have  a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh.  
 Just ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good.  I also would Recommend the specialty salad.  I also was surprised at   It was delivered within  a 1/2 an hour.  
 My wife and  I LOVE this place. Decently affordable  our server is always great and very friendly  the food is delicious and it s  a nice home-y atmosphere. The first time we went here  we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free  Highly recommend.  
 This place has great tasting food.  I had  a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch.  
  I stop by here frequently   The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But  I wil say that  I have had more fre meals here due to them comping me for al messed up orders. \n\nThe staf is friendly.  
 This is the McDonald s to end al McDonald s  in my book. Here s  \n~ There are  2 Drive-Thru lanes to keep it crazy fast.\n~ Even  \n~ For years  they gave my family s dog Jamie fre baby ice cream cones. Jamie didn t need many moments of excitement to be happy  but  go for ride  was one of them  and  ice cream time  was another.\n~ The drive-thru staf is so sweet to my little pup Lucy  \n\nSo   I gues   And as someone    
  I am SHOCKED to se this place isn t five stars. \n\nWe order delivery from here at least once  a week. Their lunch specials are GREAT  and the portions are always  always plentiful. I ve never waited more than 25 minutes  even though they always say 45.  I think it s respectful just in case they run behind. \n\nI wil say that if you are looking for  a truly authentic Chinese meal  this probably isn t your best option  although WAY more authentic than House of Lee. YUCK   Both my boyfriend and  I think it is plenty authentic for us  always delicious.  I have cravings for their eggrolls daily  he loves their wonton soup. It is the only kind of soup  I wil eat  it s that good. \n\nAnd we love the cute  little Chinese guy that usually delivers our food. My bf and  I always get the biggest smiles on our faces   \" =   
 Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights  Brighton Heights  - or any  It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery. The people on the phone are helpful and friendly. The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes  yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh. Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp  pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don t mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area. It is not Sesame In or China Palace; it is not  a \"date night out\" sort of place. It most definitely is  a cozy  inexpensive  good quality \"stay in and relax\" go to. Hope this helps  Enjoy \n\nps\nA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use al white meat chicken in their dishes.\npps\nAlways look at their online coupons  you wil get something free   
 The pros:\nYou get  a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent  this would have been even better because. LEFTOVERS. \nThey have coupons on their website that you can use   \n\n\nThe cons:\nThe woman   You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you re wasting her time. \nMy pork dumplings were \"fried\" only on one side and were raw in the middle. \nEverything was pretty darn salty. Yeah   I get it. Chinese food tends to be  a little salty  but this was unacceptably salty. \nLeftovers. Yes this is also  a con because  I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough  \n\nIf you re craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet  you re not going to find it here. Just very greasy  very salty  poor excuse for Chinese takeout.  
 We ordered from here because Uncle Chen  our go-to takeout place down the road  was closed. \n\nI ordered the General Tso tofu   a favorite dish of mine  and hubby ordered the beef Mei Fun noodles. We always grab some eg rolls too. The lady on the phone wasn t rude  per se  but she wasn t exactly helpful or answering any of my questions  either  hubby wanted to se about getting  a different sauce on his noodles  and  I had to ask  a few times before she finally answered my question about    I was in  a good mood though  so the attitude over the phone didn t bother me. Price was good  typical takeout rates. The good news is that they wil allow you to pay with credit cards over the phone  so if you re like me and never carry cash  you can stil get delivery. She told me 45 minutes for the food.\n\nThe food arrived in about 20 minutes  we live half  a mile away   it was hot and smelled great. Hubby s Mei Fun looked typical  but he was saddened to se that they didn t exchange the white sauce for brown sauce. The beef was pretty mushy  and didn t taste al that great. The veggies were fresh  and pretty crispy even after soaking in sauce. Noodles were alright  nothing to write home about. My General Tso tofu was delicious  and tasted exactly like the dish  I was craving. Fried to perfection  perfect-sized pieces of tofu  and  a fantastic sauce. The broccoli was fresh and tasted good. This particular dish only came in one size: Enormous.  I think hubby and  I just ended up sharing my meal  paired with some mediocre eg rolls.\n\nSo  long story short  lady on the phone was  a bit irritating  delivery was fast  food was fresh  and  depending on   If you re looking for  a quick fix to your Chinese food craving  this is  a good place to order from  although I l be going back to Uncle Chen before  I try China Sea again.  
 came back to Pittsburgh for  a wedding and couldn t find anything in my price range close to the city until  i found this motel..it was very affordable..room was okay..cable tv and a/c worked fine.  
 OMG    A big fat liar/someone that was paid to write that   I stayed there for an hour this past weekend  my friend and  I were both intoxicated and figured laying down  a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home . This place looks like it hasb t been cleaned  or furnished  since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls  and squashed  unwiped bug smears too. Ok  so not the best  but for two hours  we could deal. We looked for bed bugs  and didn t se any immediate signs of them- so we laid down to rest. After about 20-30 minutes  we both started itching like crazy.  I ran to the bathroom mirror  there was mold al over the bathroom  and saw bed bug bites al on my shoulders  arms  and legs. HORRIBLE  PLEASE Health Department  shut them down  It s deplorable in there   
  I can t even rate this place  Its absolutely disgusting   I begged the health department to shut them down   I was forced to stay  a night here and it was so disgusting   I woke up with bed bug bites al over my body  Just filthy  DO NOT STAY HERE   
  I was in need of  a pedicure before my beach vacation  so  I decided to stop in to Star Nails in Bellevue. I ve never had  a pedicure before  mostly because I m super-ticklish  but  I felt like it was about time.\n\nThe salon looks quite nice inside; wood  well  laminate  floors  clean decor  and four pedicure chairs up on the platform on the right.  I didn t have an appointment  and waited about ten minutes on  a Wednesday evening.\n\nNancy was my nail technician  and she greeted me warmly and helped me over into the pedicure area. Pro tip: Don t wear  a past-knee-length skirt  as it can make straddling the foot bath to get into the chair slightly awkward. Nancy helped me out like  a pro and  I was al set.\n\nThe pedicure chairs have  a massage feature that reminded me of the Migun massage tables. They don t just vibrate; they knead. The controller is right next to you  so you can stop and start as you like.  I just made sure the thing kept running the   The foot bath was nice and warm. I d brought  a book to keep myself busy but turns out al my attention was occupied by relaxing.\n\nNancy guided me through the steps and the slight language barrier isn t much of  a problem. She completely understood that  I was super-ticklish from the flinching involved  and some  It wasn t at al unpleasant   \n\nThis is the awful TMI section  so avert your ayes if you are at al sensitive. Since I ve never had  a pedicure and  I tend to walk around either barefoot or in thin-soled shoes   I had quite  a lot of callus built up. The removal was kind of disgusting  so  I just didn t look  but it didn t hurt at all.  I also tend to ingrown toenails on both big toes  and she dealt with them gently and quickly.  I was  a bit concerned about having that done at  a salon  but it s  a week later and my toes haven t turned gangrene  so all s wel that ends well.\nEND TMI\n\nEven though it wasn t the spa pedicure  not sure   Polish on and al done  At  \n\nThe manicure involved heated mitts and  a hand massage  and was very nice. Total cost was  37 plus tip  I gave her  10 for having to deal with my nasty feet .  I had some fun conversations with other patrons  and overal  a great experience. I d go back once  a day if it were in any way reasonable to do so  but this is getting placed on the once-a-month schedule for sure.\n\nThe polish from the pedicure is stil holding up like  a champ after  a week. The manicure was pretty wel shot after  a couple of days  so I l probably just stick with doing the polish at home  although  I can t complain about the massage and cuticle care.\n\nAgain   I don t have other salons or spas to compare with  but it seemed like  a good  basic service with  a few little extras. The staf were al friendly and remembered the repeat customers   They do take credit cards  and you can put the tip on the card as well;  I brought cash for that as  I am not used to salons taking tips on cards.\n\nThey also offer acrylics    I m not sure if they do waxing.  I am sure that it s  a friendly place  that it s clean  important    and that they made me feel relaxed even though  I was beyond nervous going in.  
 Fair prices but good quality. And amazing designs that are custom made. Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested. Offers waxing services. Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing.  
 My Mom was up from Mississippi for Thanksgiving  and claimed to be in dire need of  a manicure.  I wanted to try some  Of to Star Nails we went. The inside was bright and tidy  the pedicure stations looked clean and newer  and the ladies were friendly. Unfortunately  the good feelings didn t last long. We each picked  a color  and went to our respective technicians. The technician doing my nails as very nice and talkative  but just very inattentive to detail.  I got no hand/arm massage  minimal shaping  and the polish application was exceptionally sloppy and thick. Her attempts to clean up the polish al over my cuticles were futile. Their actual technique was strange too  as both technicians had us dry our nails after the first coat was applied. My Mom and  I left and almost in unison declared it to be the worst manicure we ve gotten. At least the price wasn t exorbitant   13  + tip each . Perhaps their other services are better  but I l be giving the other nail shops in the area  a chance next time.  
 Yes  \n\n\n\n\nGreat service \nGreat Food \nLove the BYOB    5 .  
  I think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients   I was al ready to be  a new client.  I had  a 12:30 appointment with them  and    I waited for five minutes  in the rain   and they stil didn t s   I called and left  a voicemail saying that  I was stil willing to wait  and  I understood if there was some confusion  but could they cal my cel  I gave them the number  as  I had previously given my home number    I waited nearby at  a coffe shop  went back after another five minutes  and it was stil locked and  I hadn t received  a call. And  I am definitely not estimating the time  either.  I was willing to wait  a bit  and  I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that  I wasn t jumping the gun on calling and then leaving. Finally   I went on with my day and   Sorry you missed me  but  I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven t left  but you should just cal back to reschedule.  Seriously     I thought she worked there  but she was just another client  also trying to get in     I couldn t believe it. This place is the worst  and  I have never even stepped inside   
 Now I m picky about my hair  but Mane Attractions was so bad that  I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.\n\nI had desperately needed  a haircut and walked in for  a major trim and re-shaping of my layers. First  the girl at the counter said my hair might be \"difficult\" due to the length  it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time  and that  I would probably have to stand while it was cut. Weird  but okay. Second  no one there knew anything about donating to \"Locks of Love \" and  I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed  a cut so  I went for it anyway.\n\nI watched the two stylists while  I waited for my turn. One stylist told the client  \" Umm  okay. The other stylist was to busy checking her phone every thre seconds to notice she was yanking on her client s hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.\n\nAt that point   I just pretended like  I had received an urgent text and said  \"I have to leave  so sorry \"as  I bolted for the door.  
 Krispy Creme  Grocery store cakes  Git ahta tahn.   Their cakes hit the top of my list  with Edy s downtown coming in second . The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth - not to sweet  - not to  lardy . By al means  feel fre to give them  a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.\n\nIn my experience  Pittsburgh natives don t seem to realize   So   \n\nI highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over wel  - and you know  \n\nI d suggest giving them  a few days to  a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.\n\n As  a side note: though  I rave about their donuts  pastries  and cakes. for cookies I d recommend Moi s Italian Bakery in Monroeville .  
 The Lincoln Bakery did my wedding cake  - White cake  chocolate mousse filling  and buttercream icing. it was fabulous  We got so many compliments  not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great   
 Quite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh. It s got everything from the low-end  cookies  cupcakes  donuts  to the high  wedding cakes  tortes  tarts . Make any special or large orders weeks in advance. The tastiest wedding cake  I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter.  
 In one word  unbelievable. Their cakes are incredibly delicious. Despite the 20 minute trip from my house   I purchase al my cakes from here. The cakes are incredibly moist and the butter cream icing is just the right amount of sweet. My favorite cake is  a yellow cake with FUDGE icing  not chocolate but FUDGE   I ve also had the raspberry filling and would recommend that as well. They are incredibly creative with their decorating of the cakes including wedding cakes but if you want something specialized  nonstandard icing  etc  be sure to cal ahead and place your order in advance. Warning: Saturday mornings you wil surely encounter  a very  very long line whether picking up your order or just swinging by for some goodies. \n\nEven better than their cakes are their petit-fours  chocolate with chocolate icing or white with vanilla icing . I ve ordered them for bridal s  They are the perfect size for one person  if you aren t on  a diet . They do sel out of these so place an order ahead of time if you want  a large order or stop by early in the morning to make sure you can get them. \n\nI ve gotten cookies from here and they were average.  I think this is the best bakery in the Burgh for cakes but not necessarily al other pastries and breads. \n\nThe only reason  I didn t rate the bakery  5 stars is their customer service   They are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter  they just want to get the order taken and move on to the next person in line. The cakes are good enough that  I put up with the service but be forewarned.  
  I love Lincoln Bakery so much. We just got  a birthday cake from here today  and everyone at the party loved it.  I seriously cannot believe   For fal cakes and cupcakes   I can t even imagine anyone making anything prettier  The icing is wonderful  although the colored icing is sort of bitter  but  I think that is the case any  The white icing is just perfect and not to sweet.   Yes   I have  and it is amazing  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl s.  I think the girls   And  I love al of the homemade candy that they sell. It is just the sweetest local gem. Love Lincoln Bakery.  
 Lincoln Bakery is yet another local bakery I ve been meaning to try.   The place has  a nice neighborhood bakery feel; as  I took in the many selections it seemed that everyone   There weren t many people   \nOne thing that  I didn t like was although they had many pastries to choose from  nothing was labeled. So  I had to keep asking   The cinnamon rol was okay  nothing spectacular. But the pastries  I got were very good. I d recommend checking it out.  I know if I m ever in the neighborhood  I wil stop in for  a treat myself.  
 Lincoln Bakery is great. My family has been ordering cakes from here for years  and  I always request one for my birthday each year. We probably order about 10 cakes  a year from Lincoln Bakery  and often it s the same one: the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing. If you like chocolate cakes  try it  and  I bet you l like it.  
 Cookies aren t bad. Haven t had  a reason to buy cakes or other pastries. Staf is friendly and it smells like heaven.  
 My daughter CAN T pas by here without asking to get something. Al  I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth   
 Lincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts  pastries  and desserts. Their bread selection    We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and   Still  this should be  a go to for  a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet.  
  I ordered  a cake for  a baptism.  I did  a search on the best tasting cake around Pittsburgh and after reading reviews  Lincoln bakery was the one we had to try.\n\nI called them  a week ahead  they told me the design they would do and after seeing some pictures on their Facebook page  I trusted it wil work out so  I went ahead and ordered it. \n\nIt was  a big hit  Some of my family members were getting seconds. \nThe cake wasn t to sweet and the icing not to \"buttery\".  I wil have to say that next time  I need  a cake  I wil order from this bakery  and maybe try some of the other things they carry in their store.  
 This is  a pretty decent Arby s  and given the condition of the other fast food restaurants on this stretch of Ohio River  it practically reaches exceptional. The dining room is clean and nicely modern. The service is friendly.  I don t think I ve ever had  a bad experience.  
 Arby s is definitely king of the fast food joints on the Blvd. For that  I d give it five stars.   Do not go here without  a coupon from the Sunday paper--there s  a   The staf here is very nice and very fast  and on the    
 Without question  this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region.  I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma  worth  85 if the antique mal is to be believed  and priced at  2.50. The 50 -of sales actually pay of here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staf is  a real cast of characters  don t mis the steelers tattoos  i m seriously serious  they are amazing . there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuf is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wal are often  a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means  a bigger  cleaner store and parking lot. \n\nI have spent  cumulatively  probably several weeks of my life in this store. This is  hands-down  without question  the thing  I mis most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe  outside of H M.  
 So  I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca  and  I wil get to   First  I l walk you through my experience. \n This place is pretty large  and relatively clean  with  a nice parking lot. The racks are packed with clothes  - and  I mean  hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock     I found it  a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type  dres vs. blouse  there is NO size separation. In  a place this huge  it takes quite  a long time to find   But  I m not one to abandon  a bargain because  I don t want to look around  after all  that is    I would typically spend  a few hours  but  I was trying to spare  a friend not as keen on secondhand garments . With my carefully extracted finds  I searched in vain for  a fitting room  never to find one. After asking the staf   \nI couldn t take this fact into my brain  and although there were some household items  I wanted to go back and buy   I was to upset to continue.  Sidenote: yes   I can understand   \n\nI would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes  or older electronics  or even beauty products. There was even  a used Nikon SLR with  a wide angle lens   20 though   \nBut if you plan on buying  a sundress  and don t plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties  you d better be confident in your purchase. RWB is just like any other thrift store  and you can t return or exchange your items  so you d be out of luck and out of money.  
  I came here al the time while  I was freelancing and in charge of my own schedule. It has  a lot of points going for it that other thrift shops consistently mes up.\n\n1. It s wel lit. You can SE the clothing  se   You re never surprised  \n\n2. It is surprisingly clean. Nothing seems to smell  so  I can only imagine they ve laundered everything thoroughly. \n\n3. There are good quality brands--An Taylor  Kenneth Cole  etc. It s mainly items along these lines. You re more likely to find twinsets than clubbing tops here   \n\n4. Markdowns and fresh merchandise. These people *know*   Because the place is never empty  and there are specials every day  the stock flips rapidly. The merchandise is never the same week to week  so as  I mentioned before  it s addictive. You never know  \n\nA summary of  a few things I ve bought here:  a  6 dollar designer knit dress   a few silk twinsets   2- 5   countles heels  two pairs of Birkenstocks and two pairs of Doc Martens   4- 8    a dressmaker s bust   5    a pressure cooker   7 ..\n\nYou get the picture. The prices aren t rock bottom  but close enough  and the quality of the clothing wil help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cents extra.\n\nCan t recommend it enough   
 My very favorite store in the world  Their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find things and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.\n\nI get 80  of my wardrobe from here  - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home  
 Simply the best thrift store I ve ever been to. Wel worth the  3 1/2 hour drive from my hometown.\n\nFirst  and foremost  EVERYTHING IS 1/2 of al of the time \n\nSecondly  bring cash. They DO NOT accept credit cards.\n\nThe store is ful of wonderful pieces of clothing  al arranged by color and type  not by size     I found  a wide selection of everything from casual pieces to high-end busines attire to super-trendy teen clothing.   Almost al of the pieces were flawless   a few were worn or faded in some way and the price reflected that. Brand names were bountiful; Banana Republic  Ralph Lauren  Chico s  Jones New York  An Taylor  American Eagle  H M. There were also some wonderful vintage pieces from the 80s  bright colors and crazy shoulder pads that would have made  a more adventurous fashionista very happy indeed \n\nThe clothing smells wonderful  not musty or dirty as in some thrift stores  and there was even  a large selection of plus-sized clothing carefully culled out in  a special section.\n\nI went to Red White    Blue to find some busines attire for my new job  and came home with two gorgeous  flawles statement blazers from An Taylor Loft and Banana Republic. for  a total of  7 \n\nCome to this thrift store; it l make al other shopping obsolete   
 Ever shopped at  a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels  some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for  5  This is  a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 of of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting    
 First time  i really took  a moment to look for some stuff. It s always  a Hit or miss  al the other thrift store I ve visited later in my trip s  Thrift store sure does drain  a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuf there was  a hellacious project but  I bought  a Steeler jersey for 2.50   some polos and  a cute outfit for  a friends baby. 20  before reduction and after 7.90   wohh  That felt good   
 Love the store. Great stuff  High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA  extremely unpleasant  unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training..Someone please tel her to stop complaining about other customers or employees..Cashier that does window display is always kind  friendly and helpful.  
  I love  a deal  and this has been my favorite thrift store since  I was  a kid. \n\nFirst  there is some sort of half-of deal every day.\n\nSecond  the used book selection is pretty decent. Yeah  there are  a ton of self-help and Patterson mas markets that you have wade through  but T.C. Boyle for two bucks  Yes  please.\n\nThird  the home goods. I ve gotten huge solid wood picture frames for only  a couple dollars. The art prints inside were hideous..but  I threw those away  re-stained the frames to my liking  cut new mats  and inserting art quoted as  360 each to frame at  a big chain fabric store for under  30. Boom.\n\nFinally  there is  a decent selection of lamp to re-wire  always lot of furniture  some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion  and lots of other wacky stuf that s just fun to sift through.\n\nCASH ONLY and the cashiers are pretty rude/lazy  but that never bothers me.\n\nBONUS: They pick up your donations for fre from your porch. Super easy.  
  I love love LOVE this store.  I thought the one on Saw Mil Run was great but this was  i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were  a word.  I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders  DIning sets  paints  sculptures and so much more.  I found this smal desk lamp that has  a victorian look to it with the shade included for  4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It s such  a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape. \n\nSo the clothes   The Store has certain days that offer you  50 certain color tags.  I went on  a Monday and it was half of yellow and white tags. Other days its half of blue  or green or red.  I love to go on Saturdays  This past week it was half of every tag except white.  I found so many items for such  a cheap price.  7 shirts for  3.50 and tunics for  4. Have you ever find items for  1   I have   I love   Or    I bought  a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans  in my size  for  5.  I couldn t believe it.  I was to excited.\n\nThe clothes are organized by color but not by size    I like to shop by color since  I don t wear to many yellows or purples.  I can avoid those sections al together but   There were  a lot of nice shirt that were just to smal or to big. Even   \n\nShopping here is  a gold find  My sister was the one   If  I had known that It was nothing like the Good Wil  I would have been here  a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun  f me for going so often.   I l probably never shop retail again  \n\nREMINDER: CASH ONLY  \n-But they have an ATM   2.50 fe  
  I can t believe I ve been here multiple times and haven t reviewed it yet.  I absolutely love this place. It s  a super thrift store if you will.\n\nNo matter   It quite the experience.  I always make sure it s  a day   It s  a good thing that  I do this  you can t just s  \n\nLike  a fellow reviewer said  there are not fitting rooms here  so be prepared to walk into someone trying on  a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle. Sometimes you just can t avoid this   I blame the fact that they have mirrors set up throughout stores.\n\nThey have everything you can seem to desire here. Clothing to electronics  furniture to bedding  books to movies. EVERYTHING is under this roof.\n\n*Cash only  ATM on premise.  
 This thrift store is one of the best in Pittsburgh; it s huge and has  a great selection of books  clothes and housewares.\n\nWith that being said  there are  a number of drawbacks to shopping here because of its popularity. It starts with the parking. There are  a few spots in front of the store  with two \"overflow\" lots that quickly fil up. Getting out is  a bear if you re heading back towards the city  like  I usually am  because to pul up to the traffic light you have to go the wrong way through the very narrow parking area in front of the store. Crossing thre lanes on 51 without the help of  a traffic light just seems like  a bad plan.\n\nOnce inside the store  beware of other customers on the weekends. I ve encountered aggressive shoppers on multiple occasions   Let s just say some shoppers think it s OK to block of entire aisles so they can peruse  a section.\n\nOther notes: There are no fitting rooms.  I sometimes try on clothes over the ones I m wearing in front of  a mirror  because hey  it s  a thrift store.\n\nAlso  they re cash only.\n\nDespite these setbacks   I find myself coming back every few months because I ve found some really awesome things here  from dresses to plates. Just think of the trip as  a little adventure.  
 nice and clean with wel organized large selection but was expensive.  I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were  14.9 of course somewere high quality items    I finally found  a smal blanket for  7 on sale.  
 This is one of the true sleepers of \"neighborhood Pittsburgh.\" Since 1979  this \"diner/family restaurant\" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staf has been there as long.\n\nThey have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you re looking for  a cheap  low key  dependable place to go  come home at  8 o clock one evening  sit in the window  and especially around the holiday season   I assure you that it wil be one of the best \"old time\" meals you l ever have. \n\nI hate its name  but  I love the Rusty Nail.  
