dr. goldberg offers everything  i look for in  a general practitioner. he s nice and easy to talk to without being patronizing; he s always on time in seeing his patients; he s affiliated with  a top-notch hospital  nyu  which my parents have explained to me is very important in case something happens and you need surgery; and you can get referrals to se specialists without having to se him first. really  what more do you need  i m sitting here trying to think of any complaints  i have about him  but i m really drawing  a blank. 
Unfortunately  the frustration of being Dr. Goldberg s patient is  a repeat of the experience I ve had with so many other doctors in NYC - good doctor  terrible staff. It seems that his staf simply never answers the phone. It usually takes  2 hours of repeated calling to get an answer.    I have run into this problem with many other doctors and  I just don t get it. You have office workers  you have patients with medical needs  why isn t anyone answering the phone  It s incomprehensible and not work the aggravation. It s with regret that  I feel that  I have to give Dr. Goldberg  2 stars. 
Dr. Goldberg has been my doctor for years and  I like him. I ve found his office to be fairly efficient. Today  I actually got to se the doctor  a few minutes early  \n\nHe seems very engaged with his patients and his demeanor is friendly  yet authoritative. \n\nI m glad to have Dr. Goldberg as my doctor. 
Been going to Dr. Goldberg for over 10 years.  I think  I was one of his 1st patients when he started at MHMG. He s been great over the years and is really al about the big picture. It is because of him  not my now former gyn Dr. Markoff  that  I found out  I have fibroids. He explores al options with you and is very patient and understanding. He doesn t judge and asks al the right questions. Very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life. 
Got  a letter in the mail last week that said Dr. Goldberg is moving to Arizona to take  a new position there in June. He wil be missed very much. \n\nI think finding  a new doctor in NYC that you actually like might almost be as awful as trying to find  a date  
 I don t know what Dr. Goldberg was like before moving to Arizona  but let me tel you  STAY AWAY from this doctor and this office.  I was going to Dr. Johnson before he left and Goldberg took over when Johnson left. He is not  a caring doctor. He is only interested in the co-pay and having you come in for medication refills every month. He wil not give refills and could les about patients s financial situations. Trying to get your 90 days mail away pharmacy prescriptions through this guy is  a joke. And to make matters even worse  his office staf is incompetent. 90  of the time when you cal the office  they l put you through to  a voice mail  that NO ONE ever answers or returns your call. Both my adult children and husband have decided to leave this practice after experiencing such frustration. The entire office has an attitude like they are doing you  a favor. Give me  a break  Stay away from this doc and the practice. You deserve better and they wil not be there when you really need them.  I have never felt compelled to write  a bad review about anyone until  I met this pathetic excuse for  a doctor who is al about the money. 
Top notch doctor in  a top notch practice. Can t say  I am surprised when  I was referred to him by another doctor who  I think is wonderful and because he went to one of the best medical schools in the country. \nIt is really easy to get an appointment. There is minimal wait to be seen and his bedside manner is great. 
Dr. Eric Goldberg is  a fantastic doctor who has correctly diagnosed every issue that my wife and  I have had. Unlike many of my past doctors  Dr. Goldberg is very accessible and we have been able to schedule appointments with him and his staf very quickly. We are happy to have him in the neighborhood and look forward to being his patients for many years to come. 
I m writing this review to give you  a heads up before you se this Doctor. The office staf and administration are very unprofessional.  I left  a message with multiple people regarding my bill  and no one ever called me back.  I had to hound them to get an answer about my bill. \n\nSecond  and most important  make sure your insurance is going to cover Dr. Goldberg s visits and blood work. He recommended to me that  I get  a physical  and he knew  I was  a student because  I told him.  I got the physical done. Later   I found out my health insurance doesn t pay for preventative visits.  I received an  800.0 bil for the blood work.  I can t pay for my bil because I m  a student and don t have any cash flow at this current time.  I can t believe the Doctor wouldn t give me  a heads up to make sure my insurance would cover work that wasn t necessary and was strictly preventative. The office can t do anything to help me cover the bill. In addition  the office staf said the onus is on me to make sure my insurance covers visits. Frustrating situation  
 I love Dr. Goldberg. Best doctor I ve ever had  and I ve had  a bunch after moving around  a lot in the past 25 years. Good listener  friendly    straightforward. Always presents options and takes  a \"let s try the least extreme course\" first. Office staf has improved tremendously since Dr. Johnson left. Highest recommendation. 
Al the food is great here. But the best thing they have is their wings. Their wings are simply fantastic  The \"Wet Cajun\" are by the best    most popular.  I also like the seasoned salt wings. Wing Night is Monday    Wednesday night   0.75 whole wings \n\nThe dining area is nice. Very family friendly  The bar is very nice is well. This place is truly  a Yinzer s dream  \"Pittsburgh Dad\" would love this place n at  
We checked this place out this past Monday for their wing night. We have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out. Their wings are whole wings and crispy  which is  a nice change of pace.  I got their wet Cajun sauce and garlic butter wings. The Cajun did not have  a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is to thin. The sauce was also thin for the garlic butter  but that is more expected. They were better than average  but  I don t like seeing al the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat.  I would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu  but this wil probably not become  a regular stop for wings anytime soon. 
Wing sauce is like water. Pretty much  a lot of butter and some hot sauce  franks red hot maybe . The whole wings are good size and crispy  but for  1  a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat. The fish sandwich is good and is  a large portion  sides are decent. 
Cold cheap beer. Good bar food. Good service. \n\nLooking for  a great Pittsburgh style fish sandwich  this is the place to go. The breading is light  fish is more than plentiful and  a good side of home cut fries. \n\nGood grilled chicken salads or steak. Soup of day is homemade and lots of specials. Great place for lunch or bar snacks and beer. 
Decent range somewhat close to the city. The mats are pretty solid; however  the gras range needs to be tended too. It s like hitting out of US Open type rough..not very amenable to practicing.   . 
Owning  a driving range inside the city limits is like  a license to print money.  I don t think  I ask much out of  a driving range. Decent mats  clean balls and accessible hours. Hel you need even les people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls. This place has none of them. It is april and there are no gras tees yet. BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for  a month. The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene s house. Worn and thread bare. Let s talk about the hours. This place is equipped with lights yet they only sel buckets of balls until 730. It is stil light out. Finally lets you have the pit to hit into. When  I arrived  I wasn t sure if this was  a driving range or an excavation site for  a mastodon or  a strip mining operation. There is no gras on the range. Just mud. Makes it  a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball. Oh  they are cash only also.\n\nBottom line  this place sucks. The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh. 
This place is absolute garbage. Half of the tees are not available  including al the gras tees. It is cash only  and they sel the last bucket at 8  despite having lights. And if you finish even  a minute after 8  don t plan on getting  a drink. The vending machines are sold out  of course  and they sel drinks inside  but close the drawers at  8 on the dot. There are weeds grown al over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage  but it looks like those are out of order as well. Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be. 
Before  I finally made it over to this range  I heard the same thing from most people  - it s just fine to go work on your swing.  I had such  a low expectation  I was pleasantly surprised. \n\nIt s  a fairly big range  - if you are familiar with Scally s in Moon  it seems like it has almost as many tees  though its not nearly as nice  a facility. \n\nThe guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I ve come acros at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for  and even some hazards to aim away from. \n\nA big red flag to me was the extra charge   3  to hit of the grass.  I am no range expert  but this is the 4th one I ve been to and the first I ve seen of that sort of nickel and diming..\n\nPrice for the golf balls was reasonable and  I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully  since its for sale  it wil reopen as  a golf facility again. 
 I drove by yesterday to get  a sneak peak. It re-opens on July 14th and  I can t wait to take my kids. The new range looks amazing. The entire range appears to be turf  which may or many not help your game  but it looks really nice. The te boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you l se on  a newer course. Can t wait to experience it  
THANK YOU ROB   i truly appreciated al the help  i received from this agent today who was able to removed the extra charges on my bil that the Pasadena Verizon Store on Lake was charging me on my bil for upgrading my phone. When  i went in  i was having problems with my Blacberry and had to switch to the Iphone last week. Rob from the Pennsylvania store who  i was connected today was able to look at my bil and al the notes and correct the problem immediately. Great Customer Service  He even set up  a FOLLOW UP Phone Cal with me On July 5th to make sure the credit goes through on my bill..I can t thank him enough  
After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program  our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don t visit this store if you want pleasant or good service. 
 I visited this store several months ago to simply ask about smartphone plans. The agent was pleasant and helpful.  I would recommend  a visit to this store. 
This place was DELICIOUS  My parents saw  a recommendation to visit this place from Rick Sebak s \"25 Things  I Like About Pittsburgh\" and he s usually pretty accurate. His recommendations were to try the Reuben  Fish Sandwich and Open-Faced Steak Sandwich. We went early afternoon for  a late lunch today  a Saturday  and were seated right away. The staf is extremely friendly. My Mom     I each had the fish sandwich  while my Dad    Brother had  a Reuben sandwich. The fish was very good  but the Reuben was to die for  Both dishes were massive  and could very easily be shared between two people. On top of being extremely large portions  it was incredibly affordable. The giant fish sandwich was  8 and the giant Reuben was  7.50. Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal. We wil definitely be back  Oh and  a bit of advice ahead of time  - they take CASH ONLY. So come prepared  but I m pretty sure  I saw an ATM there as well. And  I do believe they are closed on Sundays    Mondays. 
Can t mis stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh. 
This place should have  a lot more reviews  - but I m glad it doesn t  they don t need to get any busier.\n\nIts been there ages  and looks it. If you re al about ambiance  don t bother. If you pretend you re in  a movie set in Pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well. The service is sometimes hit or miss. Most of girls are good  one is very slow  one is amazing. They are al friendly and usually  a few different people wil check in to make sure that you re happy. Everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen  - busy times it can take  a good while to get food. \n\nThe food is AWESOME  Worth any little complaints  I might think up before it gets there. Once its on the table   I forget them all.\n\n-Fish Sandwiich\n-Salmon  huge and delicious \n-Flounder\n-Shrimp  a few ways  \"Norfolk\" style is oily for my taste  and  I never had it growing up in Norfolk. \n-Hawkins St Special\n-Prime Rib  sized for two  watch it \n\nThe prices are low  the portions are large  and just about everything on the menu is delicious. I m not one to pick  a place because they give you  a lot of food  but if you like  a good value and don t want to compromise on taste  this place is  a gem. 
This place was very good.  I found out about Emil s when watching  a show called \"25 Things  I Love About Pittsburgh\" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain t  a luxurious restaurant..it s  a beer     a shot bar  / lounge. But the people are friendly    the food is good.  I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain t in  a great part of town  Rankin  but I ve been in worse places  Try this place. 
Old school..traditional \"mom  n pop\" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you l ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp.  A great out of the way  non-corporate  vestige of Americana. You wil love it. 
Seen this restaurant on 25 best places in Pittsburgh with Rick Seback\nack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She s very nice al employees are super nice service was excellent  i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty. 
Wonderful reuben. Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually  a different Hawkins. I d recommend  a cal for directions 412-271-9911. 
Good fish sandwich. 
After  a morning of Thrift Store hunting   a friend and  I were thinking of lunch  and he suggested Emil s after he d seen Chris Sebak do  a bit on it and had tried it  a time or two before  and  I had not. He said they had  a decent Reuben  but to be prepared to step back in time.\n\nWell  seeing as how I m kind of addicted to late 40 s and early 50 s  and the whole Rat Pack scene  stepping back in time is  a welcomed change in da burgh..as long as it doesn t involve 1979  which  I can se al around me every day.\n\nAnd yet another shot at finding  a decent Reuben in da burgh..well  that s like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn t hurt.\n\nSo of we go right at lunchtime in the middle of..where exactly were we  At first  I thought we were lost  driving around  a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like  a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of  a highway. And then..AHA  Here it is  And yep  there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like  a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply  Emil s. \n\nWe walked in the front door  and entered another world. Another time  and another place. Oh  and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as wel stop reading now.  I wouldn t want to se you walk in  rol your eyes and say  Reaally  \n\nThis is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets. Plain  with  a dark wood bar on one side  plain white walls with no yinzer pics  good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that  I could se Frank and Dino pulling  a few tables together for some poker   a fish sammich  and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what  I love.\n\nOh..but good food counts too. \n\nWe each had  a Reuben  and my friend had  a side of fries. The Reubens were decent  but not NY awesome.  A little to thick on the bread  but overall  tasty and definitely filling. Not to skimpy on the meat.  I seriously CRAVE  a true  good NY Reuben  but since  I can t afford to travel right now  what  I find in da burgh wil have to do. But as we sat and ate  burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers.  A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE  And when we asked about it  the waitres said  Yeah  it s huge and really good  and he only charges  12.9 for it  ain t that nuts   Another table of five came in  and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah   I want that  that  that and THAT \n\nMy friend also mentioned that they have  a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL  4 pm  and that it is fantastic. If only  I could GET there on that week day before 4..\n\nThe waitres did  a good job  especially since there was quite  a growing crowd at lunchtime on  a Saturday  and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly. \n\nThey only have Pepsi products  so  I had  a brewed iced tea  which was very fresh  and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on  they were getting busy.\n\nEmil s is no frills  good portions  very reasonable prices  VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall..kind of like Cheers  but in  a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950 s. Fan-freakin-tastic   I could feel at home here.\n\nYou definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though.  I am not sure that  I could find it again on my own..it really is  a hidden gem.  I wil be making my friend take me back until  I can memorize where the heck it is.\n\nAddendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly.  A pound of fish on  a fish-shaped bun  as opposed to da burgh s seemingly popular hamburger bun . The fish was flavorful  the batter excellent  and for just  8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I ve yet to have in da burgh. 
This is  a hidden gem  no really. It took us forever to find but wel worth it. It is right acros the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has  a wide selection   I really couldn t decide what  I wanted but  I went with the ribeye sandwich. I m glad  i did too. Huge sandwich   I added mushrooms  it was very flavorful. My boyfriend got the fish sandwich  he enjoyed it as well. Fast and friendly service. Wil definitely be back. 
This would be my local haunt  if  I were ever to relocate to the Pittsburgh area. What  a great little place  Such friendly staff  and some damn good eats \n \nIt was so great  that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the Steelers/Ravens game. \n\nThey have daily sandwich specials. On Thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand.  and the .35 cent wings. Very  very tasty. I m sorry  but this place kicks Primanti Bros. but on the taste factor. They have about  8 different types of wings. reg.  garlic  and  I can t remember the rest  - we got the regular  and  I was wishing we would had ordered more.\n\nGoing back on  a Friday night  we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and  a pepperoni n  mushroom. Wow  That buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.\n\nThe other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be  a regular.  I really  really wanted his SPAM t-shirt. 
 A great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele.  I went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one Friday night and it didn t disappoint. It is refreshing to walk into  a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you  - I m guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans  young men in collared shirts  and thirtysomethings have probably seen it al during their time at this place. \n\nThe staf was top notch  - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night  but my waitres tried to keep  a positive attitude for my entire visit. The other waiter was wearing  a hooded cardigan  and  I wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such  a quality article of clothing.\n\nWe ordered  a white pizza  - large in size  engulfed in cheese  ful of garlic flavor  flavorful hot sausage. An overal delicious pizza  aside from  2 things: 1  way to much grease  I know this comes with the territory  but still  it is sometimes unbearable ; 2  CANNED MUSHROOMS  - the worst thing to come out of  a can. Ever.  I would rather eat canned Alpo than canned mushrooms. And if the mushrooms weren t canned  they were just the worst mushrooms I ve ever consumed. The mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star  - disgusting \n\nMy advice for the place is keep everything awesome  - random music from the jukebox  tasty food  great prices  good crowd and staf  - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap  I l never know. 
Alexion s has been around forever. The first time  I went in there   I was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill. Al of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work  and  I immediately found out why. MANY  MANY years later   I stopped in there with some fond memories  and once again felt welcomed and valued as  a customer  even though they didn t know who  I was. THE SANDWICHES are done Pittsburgh-style  sort of like Primanti s  and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when  I first started visiting the place. Alexion s is  a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree  the oldest part of the town.  I recal that some of the sandwiches  I got there were ordered at  a pretty late hour. Nothing but good things to say about the place  and  I wish it was closer to home  
Good for cheap drinks and wings  they offer daily specials which is nice. \n\nDoesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough  the bartenders have been there for awhile and do  a good job. Dont expect to have  a HUGE selection of alcohol. \n\nTheir wings are good as are their salads. If you are gluten fre this is not your place..lots of fried food and sandwiches. \nOffers  a quick lunch. 
What  a cool bar/restaurant.  I wil no doubt be visiting again. The service and prices were great. and the restrooms were clean.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious. The menu consists of typical bar food food  however; theres  a few different items on there which stand out on the menu..\n\nA cool bar of the beaten path that is  a worth  a trip. \n\nCheers       
Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious  wing night on Tuesday and Thursday  
Good beer selection. Understaffed for  a light Monday night crowd  it wasn t her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I ve ever had. 
Grew up near here. the family would always go once  a month. Haven t stopped in for  a few years until last Friday with  a few friends to grab  a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as  I remember. The staf is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well. 
Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben s and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us  3.0 for the coleslaw. We wil not be back  . The iced tea is also terrible tasting. 
Let there be no question: Alexions owns the best cheeseburger in the region and they have now for decades. Try  a burger on Italian bread. The service is flawlessly friendly  the food is amazing  and the wings  Oh the wings. but it s stil about the cheeseburger. The atmosphere is inviting  but you can t eat atmosphere. so go right now. Grab the car keys. you know you re hungry for an amazing cheeseburger  maybe some wings  and  a cold beer  Easily  hands down  the best bar and gril in Pittsburgh. 
The sandwiches  the wings  enough said. Alexions can best be described as  a home-style Primantis before they went mega commercial. You really can t go wrong  but for my money   I would put Alexions fish sandwich up with the best I ve had. That s not to take away from other selections  but if you come here  I recommend not leaving until you ve had either the fish sandwich  Reuben  or wings. \n\nYou l know you re in  a Pittsburgh bar when you walk in. For someone who lives in Atlanta now and only makes it to Pittsburgh  a few times  a year   I have to say it is refreshing. Feels like home.  I haven t had  a trip back without making it out to Alexions at least once. 
We met  a couple of friends there on  a Friday afternoon about 440 pm  based on the Yelp reviews. I ve relied on Yelp in over  a dozen different cities  never came away with anything les than  a positive experience until today. \n\nWe ordered within  5 minutes of sitting down  there couldn t have been more than 20 people in the place  counting the people on the patio. Took them almost 40 minutes to serve  3 sandwiches and  a salad.  I tried the fish sandwich  came out fried extra crispy on the ends  if there is such  a thing as fish jerky  a third of the sandwich would have qualified  it was just ok. I ve had better at almost any church that fries fish during Lent. \n\nAl  3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches or salad uneaten. Bread french fries and onion rings were good though. Iced tea was good  though I ve never seen  a place dispense sweet  n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack. Asked for sugar but never saw any  they don t carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.\n\nI may give the place another try in the future for  a Reuben or hamburger  assuming today was some aberration possibly due to  a cook having  a family emergency or something like that. Waitres was pretty good  held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet  hardly ever rolled her eyes :  
Used to go there for tires  brakes  etc. Their prices have gone way up- 40 for  4 mid-level tires for  a Toyota. Plus   1 of the new tires went flat within  3 weeks. Since they don\"t make appointments  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours. Sorry--can t wait that long to get  a warranted repair  They lost my busines for good. 
 I got  new  tires from them and within two weeks got  a flat.  I took my car to  a local mechanic to se if  i could get the hole patched  but they said the reason  I had  a flat was because the previous patch had blown  - WAIT  WHAT   I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched  This was supposed to be  a new tire. \nI took the tire over to Flynn s and they told me that someone punctured my tire  then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers   I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he d give me  a new tire \"this time\". \nI wil never go back to Flynn s b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me  a used tire  
Terrible. Preordered my tires and when  I arrived they couldn t find the order anywhere. Once we got through that proces  I waited over  2 hours for them to be put on.  I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow  over priced  I l go elsewhere next time. 
Contrary to other reviews   I have zero complaints about the service or the prices.  I have been getting tire service here for the past  5 years now  and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys  these guys are experienced and know what they re doing. \nAlso  this is one place that  I do not feel like  I am being taken advantage of  just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars  and have sucked my bank account dry. But here  my service and road coverage has al been wel explained  - and let up to me to decide. \nAnd they just renovated the waiting room. It looks  a lot better than it did in previous years. 
Last summer  I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait  a super long time.  I also went in this week for them to fix  a minor problem with  a tire they put on. They \"fixed\" it for free  and the very next morning  I had the same issue.  I called to complain  and the \"manager\" didn t even apologize  So frustrated. Never going back. They seem overpriced  too. 
Most random location for  a mini golf course ever. This is old school. It s built into the woods  spray yourself for bugs first  right of Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park. The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change. They recently re-carpeted the holes and added  a few gimmicks that weren t there before. It won t knock your socks off  but if you re local  give it  a try  
This quaint mini golf course is one of the oldest  yet most original and fun locations that  I have yet visited. Coming from Texas  it was nice to se  a course located amongst the hilly and woody Pennsylvanian terrain. It can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make  a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also makes it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the bal wil follow through and bounce. The cartoon-like outrageousnes of the course proved to give laughs and  a fun attempt to play. Improvements were being made and  I wil look forward to returning on my next visit to the Pittsburgh area.  I enjoy traveling and visiting new courses and the only reason why  I didn t give this location  5 stars is because it was impossible to intuitively shoot the bal for  a best effort to beat par. 
 I think this place is closed. Their number is out of service  sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mes of  a course though  
I ve been informed by  a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season   I hope they re right   I find it strange they don t keep their phone number in service with  a recording and that they didn t cover the course up to protect it from weather  vandalism  etc. Either way   I can t wait to get my game on in the spring  
Don t waste your time. We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for  a deck  one of them the OWNER . Both times  we never heard from them. Not  a call  not the estimate  nothing. 
 I wil start by saying we have  a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.\n\n  Well  it al started in May when we had  a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was  a true salesman  I l tel you that. Not  a straight shooter  but an excited salesman that wanted to sell. And we bought into it.\n\nHe told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and  a lot of jobs  but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you  this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do  a survey of our land and get  a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them  and booked it.\n\nHere s where things fel apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally  I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So  I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally  I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take  a couple weeks to come back.  I wish Al would have told us that.\n\nSo our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bil us for it  but no word on where we were in the process.  I called back  a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.\n\nA month later   I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company.  I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes  a week to proces the permit  but we were now going on  a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it. \n\nI completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault  but why no communication about it  Just cal me and tel me they re waiting for the permit  but they l work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.\n\nFinally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they re digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days.     Didn t happen here.\n\nMy main point is  contractors have  a reputation for not being the most trustworthy.     My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front  nor was the ongoing proces communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes  leaving the site dirty.  I understand things happen and things get delayed  but just email or cal me. It s not that hard to keep me updated  it is 2014 with  a million ways to be contacted.\n\nEven though  I have  a nice deck  after  I clean things up myself     I would not recommend them to anyone. 
When  I wanted  a deck for the back of my home  I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very wel and they were very polite.  I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans al sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in  a reasonable amount of time.  I now have  a beautiful deck that  I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall  they did  a good job and  I would use them in the future for al my deck necessities. 
 I have never seen  a restaurant that has  a frowning brownie  a.k.a. Frownie  as their icon  mascot  or spokesperson. King s Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N  Parks smiling cookie - funny  funny odd  not funny ha-ha . We were seated rather quickly by the manager. Very nice people work here   I was happy to find that even though they had closed  a section  the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.\n\nWe chatted with the server  a little bit - she was quite engaging - and then moved on to order our meal:\n\nTea\nPepsi\nOpen-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy\nBuffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n  cheese\n\nOur drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area. She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed. Eventually  our entrees arrived - both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese. It didn t taste bad  but  I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn t feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they to came from  a package; but  again  they didn t taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal - the buffalo chicken strips. At least they were al white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them. \n\nI tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished of my dinner and was happy in the end. No  it wasn t the best food in the world  but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn t taste bad. 
So. back in the late 90s  there used to be this super-kick-as cinnamon ice cream  like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust. SO DELICIOUS \n\nHowever  NOW there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year s red-hot in the middle: totally gross. Fortunately  our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me  a sample  so  I only had to suffer the death of  a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.\n\nThe portions are big and filling  just don t come for the ice cream. 
Ive pretty much been eating at various Kings  pretty regularly since  I was  a child when my parents would take my sister and  I into the Fox Chapel location often. Lately me and my girl have been visiting the Heidelburg location.  I love the food  it really tastes homemade  much like something  a grandmother would make  complete with gobs of butter and side dishes. Prices are low  selection is great  but dont expect fine dining by any means. \n\nService is hit or mis at pretty much al of them; if you have lunch at any Kings  you wil likely be waited on by  a sweet but sarcastic older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game. Seek out this lady. My experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.\n\nIm in my 30s now  and very little has changed  other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look les like  a diner  which was  a big fail. Any girl  I meet has to enjoy Kings or she s out. 
Hoofah. 
 I heart King s. I ve always been  a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca. 
 I arrived around 10 am on  a Saturday morning.  I was greeted by the hostess who was polite and friendly  and  I informed her that  I was alone. She had just arrived  as well  and wasn t exactly sure what was going on yet  so she asked  the manager   where she should seat me. After receiving guidance  she brought me to  a table towards the back. It had not yet been cleaned after the previous guests had dined. So  she quickly got it cleared off  grabbed  a rag  and wiped it down.\n\nThe waitres came rather quickly to take my drink order. She was extremely friendly.  I ordered coffe and water  which she went and got while  I looked over the menu. She returned  and took my order.  I ordered the Cinnamon Swirl French Toast Special  - Thre slices of French toast made with Pittsburgh s own Jenny Lee\u00ae Cinnamon Swirl  two farm-fresh eggs  with bacon or sausage  I chose sausage   and your choice of potato  I went with the cheesy hash brown casserole .  I also added an orange juice. She went and put my order in  while  I waited  and came back with it after not to long. The eggs were cooked exactly how  I wanted them  the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious.  I also enjoyed the sausage which was pretty typical.\n\nKings Family Restaurant featured  a very friendly staff  great prices  and tasty food.  I am pleased and wil definitely come back again. 
thisis not the closest Kings to us  but we often wil travel the extra miles because the service and food at this location is always the best. 
Average run of the mil store. Associates are young teens and they really don t know where anything is. Luckily  I am able to get around to find everything. Found my puppy treats and moved on. 
Not bad for  a Shop  N Save  most are privately owned  so availability of items might differ from place to place. The only time  I frequent  S  n  S is when the have their huge two day sales usually held on Thursday and Friday at least once month.\n\nGood bakery at this location too. 
Two meals  on the recommendation of  a friend who lives near the place  and after the second trip   I was compelled to write.  Rocky  would definitely describe the experiences.\n\nOn the first trip   I went to try their  at that time raved about Reuben. And YET to find  a true good Reuben in da burgh   I tried it.\n\nWell  they were out of the proper bread  and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find  which was not the proper bread  and instead of one of their  raved about  Reubens   I received two mini-Reubens  which basically took the guts from one Reuben  and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread.  I ate it. It wasn t great  but they swore it was because they d run out of the bread. Bread or not  it stil wasn t great. The atmosphere was pleasant in that  blue collar bar  kind of way  and the staf was very nice  but not  a winning pitch on the Reuben.\n\nThe second trip was after  a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. Sat in the back room  instead of the bar  which felt more like  a restaurant  of course  with the big screen TV covering the sports of the moment.\n\nI was in the mood for dinner this time  and after  a scan  decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. My friend ordered one of her faves  the breaded pork chops.\n\nWe hit the salad bar  which was uber-basic. Thre soups  mostly vegetable loaded  which left me out   basic iceberg lettuce mix  very probably out of  a bag    a few veggie toppings  and thre or four dressings. It was  a basic salad  no big deal. More or les an appetizer filler before the meal.\n\nThe mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. Our waiter looked like  a 19 year old gas station attendant  skinny little blonde guy with  a sweet but incredibly naive face  and an air of vapidity  which was confirmed when  I placed my order.  I asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner  and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat.  I never imagined how confusing  a question that could possibly be. It literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to  ask   and the child honestly had no clue what  white meat  and  dark meat  meant. The first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in  a pre-portioned prepared bag  kind of Kentucky Fried Chicken style..which didn t answer my question  thus prompting the second trip. \n\nAfter the second trip back  I heard the cook holler  Tel him I l fix him up . \n\nWell  the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you d find in the freezer case of Walmart  tiny and not good  and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor  laden with some kind of chopped up green  parsley    and  a side of that basic brown gravy served up in  5 gallon buckets.\n\nThank goodnes for the basic salad bar.\n\nEven my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she d expected. They also appeared to be from  a freezer bag.\n\nThe irony was that the boy who didn t know white meat from dark meat  was chatting with some other customers..about baseball..and he was  a genius about the mindles sport of baseball. Ah da burgh.\n\nThird base  Nah..why bother when there are so many other options around. Go on in  a grab  a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in Carnegie..they can help you out al types of ways in that area. Just don t go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.\n\nFrom what  I understand it  used to be  really good homecooked food. But apparently  mama has left the kitchen. 
everything was great  
If you are searching for  a go to fish place for Lent..look no further. This place wil give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh. The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches. You wil not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating.\nEnjoy. 
Rocky s has been in busines since the 1980s and stil going strong. Their food is good. Not haute cuisine  pretentious  Everyday  wel prepared and taste bud pleasing home style cooking. I ve mostly gone during supper hours and and ate in the dining room  but  today  I introduced an old friend to \"linner\" in the bar.\nHe ordered the large version of fish sandwich. Rocky s is famous for their fish. Thre large breaded and fried fish filets  bun and fries for under  10. Needles to say  he had no complaints and brought home more than he ate.\nI ordered the meatbal grill. It was delish. Served on thick cut Italian bread and made \"grilled cheese\"  mozzarella  style. Meatballs and tomato sauce are both good  Also  served with fries.  I brought home half the sandwich.\nAnother good meal there. Friends  mother  and former bos al enjoy their food  
Italian dinners  American  endles soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar.  I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch  a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings  but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky s 
If you want  a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning  come here. This greasy spoon is always packed  and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.\n\nThey serve waffles in halves  which is great. The eggs and toast are good  the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.\n\nIf you re hungry  get \"The Mixed Grill\". Gab and Eat s brand of the \"kitchen sink\" breakfast that al Midwest places are about. 
Good Luck getting  a seat  that s al  I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what s up and  I like it. When  I was  a roofing mechanic  we d meet there before work. Although I m not sure  I would recommend it if you re working were there s no bathrooms. hehe 
Stick to basics and this is the best place in or around the  burgh. First time go with  a friend and sit at the counter. Short order cooking at it s best  it s like  a floor show with the actor s backs to you. Breakfast has no losers. Eggs  omelets  pancakes  waffles  breakfast sandwiches to order  the ever popular mixed grill  get  a 1/2 Louie instead of home fries  although they good as is  and don t forget the italian toast.\n\nFrequently voted the best burger in Pittsburgh for  a reason. As for ambiance  wel lets just say  I don t think there are two matching plates or coffe mugs in the joint. But the coffee s good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good  andlocal with many long time folks working here. If  I don t get there for awhile  I need to go through detox because  I feel to healthy. 
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh  as far as  I can tel  - and delicious and cheap too.  I ordered some mix of eggs  bacon and pancakes  - and got  2 dinner-sized plates  one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs  bacon  and home fries. Oh  and  a side of toast. For under  5  if  I recall.\n\nHUGE portions  al well-executed; as good as DeLuca s.\n\nI ve not had anything besides breakfast  so can t comment on the burger or anything else.\n\nCramped quarters  and you l have to wait  but when nothing but monster morning food wil do  this is the destination. 
Cheap  unpretentious  and  for this  one of my favorite breakfast joints in the country. Simply put  I LOVE it here. The mixed grill  the sausage and eg on  a biscuit  the home fries. This it the very definition of diner. Thank you Gab  n  Eat  
Okay  let s first set expectations. This place is  a true DIVE..this is not for the NYC foodie crowd. If you want  a down home  large portion awesome breakfast  this is the place. The place is packed with happy diners  the server was very friendly in  a busy grandma kind of way. The best part  - they have \"dippy\" eggs on the menu and define the degre of dippy you can order. For anyone who has never heard of  a \"dippy\" eg  - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are stil runny and you can dip your bread in them. The eggs were great  -  I ordered mine over medium  the breakfast potatoes were fab  - no complicated additives like peppers or onions  - just plain good potatoes cooked in fat  - the best part  - the fresh Italian bread. YUM  
 I mis this place. When  I return home to pittsburgh this is always  a must to ease myself into  a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When  I think of pittsburgh   I remember cutting morning classes in highschool just to get after the best bacon eg and cheese  i know of. Honestly  i live in nyc where you can get  a bacon eg and cheese on every single corner  and nowhere that  i have been does it as wel as this joint. Go here and you wil be happy you did. 
I ve lived in Pittsburgh for  6 years  and in Carnegie for over  2 years  and by far  this is the best greasy spoon joint I ve found. If you can stomach the wait  no reservations  naturally   you l enjoy overflowing plates of goodness  thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where al of the food is made. \n\nHere are the highlights:\n\n-Cheap: Breakfast for two can be wel under  10  with lunch around the same.\n-Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait. They close pretty early on the weekends to  oddly  at 12:45pm \n-Cash only\n-Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries  always get the half order  unles you re  a lumberjack\n-About those homefries: They re often undercooked. I ve had better  believe me. My favorite things to eat in life are potato products.\n-My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast  with cheese  lettuce  tomato and mayo 
Love this place. Never had  a bad meal. Good portions and great people. Be ready to stand in line. 
My favorite breakfast place. Have good sandwiches also. Stopped again for Bfast and had the mixed grill--get the smal portion unles you are  a real MAN  Mixed gril has sausage   could it be Ricci s    eggs  onions  and home fries  so good  Use Mancini s bread for toast  got the raisin toast  - Yum. \n\nHave had many other items and just love the food. If you like to watch  a true cook  sit at the counter. Banter with the cook and staf and patrons is fun \n\nLunch is good  sausage sandwich  hamburgers and other lunch meats fried on the grill.\n\nGets busy for Bfast so you may have to wait.\n\nRemember it is  a diner. Don t expect fancy decor. 
Definitely  a greasy spoon  Always packed here and always  a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage.  I also like the mixed grill. My parents love their burgers. Took of  a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables  your arm gets hit when someone walks past  oh and waitresses aren t very attentive. 
If you re looking for no frills but  a great breakfast this is the place.  I got the mixed gril half portion and was very full. Make sure you have extra calories for the day because they are not afraid to use butter. Loved the breakfast and would go back. Not much room for sitting down but worth the wait. 
Great homemade hot breakfast sausage and  a wonderful family restaurant feel. \n\nReminds me of the one my parents used to own in Mi. \n\nHave fun finding  a table on the weekend :  
Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick  my dad  and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed gril  half . 
OK  what is with al of these \"CASH ONLY\" places in Pittsburgh   I can appreciate that some smaller businesses might have trouble installing  a credit card system in their store/resturant  but could you perhaps provide an ATM  In the past  this would deter me from eating at this place. \n\nLooking at  a standard breakfast menu   I decided to go with  a tuna melt instead. What  I got was  a cold tuna salad sandwich with  a slice of cheese on toast.  I had ordered  a melt being in the mood for  a warm meal  but to no avail. One day later  I can t even remember what my side was.  I suppose it didn t leave much of an impression on me.  I have to say that the dessert was really good  The cherry pecan pie   I have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this was awesome  The cherries were not the sweet canned variety  but  a pie worthy tart topped with sugar.  I think  I want to make this pie with my parents next harvest of our cherry tree \n\nMy first impression is \"Eh.\"  I am learning how crazy Pittsburghers are over breakfast  Seriously  waiting 30 minutes for  a table at  a tiny diner with  a menu that reads as follows: \n\n\"2 eggs and toast  x.xx\"\n\"2 eggs  meat  and toast  x.xx\"\n\"2 eggs and pancake  x.xx\"\n\nI d rather go to  a Denny s and order the \"create your own Grand Slam \" 
BEST DINER IN THE COUNRTY  We ve been to many famous diners acros the country and we stil give Gab and Eat the best rating    I was  a little intimidated when  I first walked in and there was like  2 pounds of butter just sitting on top of the homefires on the grill. If you are looking for  a healthy breakfast they probably can accomodate you  but Everything  I ate was clearly the opposite of healthy. After trying like every meal they have  I would recommend the mix grill half unles you are sharing  adding cajun seasoning with the texas toast. Burgers are great too.\n\nIt s hard to find  a place that makes  a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home  but this place does it. The atmosphere is classy  old school Americana. 
Best French toast ever  Love the friendly atmosphere  and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too. yummy  
Great Diner  Their breakfast is the best in the area  Lots of choices and always good. Love the unique mugs they use for coffe and al the writing on the wall. Get there early otherwise you wil not get  a seat  They have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast. 
Readers of my reviews may recal that  I once referred to The Dor-Stop as possibly the best breakfast in Pittsburgh. Well  faithful followers   I must now admit that The Dor-Stop has now been verified as only one of the best.   Because  I honestly can t imagine how much food that is.  I created my own with bacon  cheese  eggs and potatoes. Based on reviews  I also opted to get  a side of the sausage and was pleased as punch when our waitres asked if  I wanted hot or sweet..or one of each.  I like variety  so  I jumped on the change to try both.  I also selected the Italian toast  - what other kind is there  really  \n\n   4 thick slices that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both sides. It was  a struggle  but  I was determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave  a crumb. \n\nIn case anyone is wondering  yes  they use real butter.  I saw pounds of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eyes. The wait staf was quick and efficient as wel as helpful and friendly with our larger group of  9 people. The fact that none of the plates match and  I noticed  a sign at the front register that said  \"We need mugs\" just makes me love this place even more.\n\nA few tips: 1.  Order the Mixed Grill. 2.  Cash only  3.  Gab and Eat is  a popular place but also very smal and narrow  or cozy if you will .  I recommend going during the week when they are stil busy but can accomodate  a group. That way you won t feel rushed or crowded. 4.  Get to Gab and Eat ASAP  You l be glad you did  
Classic breakfast joint. Grimy looking hole in the wal located on one end of  a seedy looking strip mall. Window is opaque due to the grease so you can t hardly se inside. On the outside  there are about  a dozen people waiting to get in.   The FOOD  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at  a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill. Potatoes  eggs  sausage  bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the ful mixed gril had two pounds of food. Neat thing is that the gril is right in front of you so you can se your potatoes and eggs frying in  a pool of fresh grease. Al that food  plus coffe and tip for around ten bucks. Cash only  so put that plastic away.\n\nOnly bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel wil make this place famous  and then I l never be able to get in. 
Yum  - freaking  - me \n\nAs the other fellower yelpers mentioned  - this place is  a cash only.  A couple of recommendations:\n\n- Don t eat early in the week \n-  I don t recommend wearing any tight clothing  no skinny jeans   - you wil not be skinny when you leave\n\n\n  I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM. The place was packed with locals and regulars.  A very good sign.\n\nMy co-worker recommended  I get the mixed grill.  I ordered the large mix grill. My waitres tried to warn me  - it is large  very large .  I ended up eating the left-overs for the next  2 days.\n\nFood  - \n\nThe Mixed Gril comprises their homemade sausage  grilled onions  grilled peppers  potatoes  fried eggs. \n\nPortion -\n\nThis should have been  a man vs food episode.  I was not going to attempt to eat al the food. It was really good.\n\nService  - \n\nMy waitres looks as if she had been working there for years. She was fast  friendly  and offered good advice.\n\nPrice  - \n\nThe cost ranges  5  - 10.\n\n\nI wil definitely go back after  I buy some new stretchy pants. 
Best breakfast spot in the area  If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small  so you wil want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays  but the wait is never to long. Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for  a while. If you are feeling like lunch food go  a little later  their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious. 
Great breakfast  good price. You might have to stand outside in line though  so  I don t really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service  interesting coffe mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont  take cards. 
 I always love  a good diner. Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on  a Saturday morning. Good food. Great people. Pittsburgh ambiance. \n\nThis place is obviously  a beloved neighborhood gem.  I had french toast and bacon. The french toast was made with the best Italian bread. My fiance had what they called  a  mixed grill.\" It consisted of eggs  peppers  onions and home made sausage. Not something you would eat everyday  but he loved it  They also had great coffee. They actually ground up the beans in front of us. Now that s fresh.\n\nWe want to return sometime for \"turkey day.\" Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday. Now that sounds good \n\nCan t wait to return. 
This is exactly what  a breakfast place should be like--comfortable  quirky  unpretentious and with inexpensive  large portioned working clas breakfast plates. 
On our current road trip of baseball  brews  hockey and diners  we decided to try Gab    Eat based on yelpers rating putting it for breakfast in Pittsburgh area. We have to agre with most other reviewers that this is  a place to eat.\nWe arrived around noon on Saturday and were happy there were  a couple open tables. The place is tucked at the end of  a strip mal and you have to look to find it. There is plenty of parking.\nInside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time. Country style decorations and signs are mixed with nostalgia signs    posters. Most interesting are al the signatures and comments written on the wal by past customers. We regretted not having  a marker to ad ours. The other highlight was thre large white boards with trivia questions  - fun way to spend time waiting for food.\nThe waitstaf there is..uh  experienced. They are attentive  pleasant and efficient.\nAfter reading reviews  I had to try the Mixed Grill. But  S went with pancakes with  a side of bacon. The pancakes were outstanding..maybe the best either of us has eaten. They were thick but with light texture and rich flavor. \nHis bacon was cooked just as requested  - as crisp as possible  - and very flavorful.\nThe Mixed Gril is  a mixed together concoction of eggs  potatoes  onions  peppers  cheese  and spicy Italian sausage grilled together. I m glad  I heeded those who stressed going with the half size order. It filled  a ful sized dinner plate with  a heaping order.  I couldn t finish it al and that s rare. How do they serve the whole potion - in  a trough \nEverything was cooked well. The sausage added  a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potatoes. You can build your own mix but the basic was  a good mix.\nMy only complaint was the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain.  I like home fries with lots of seasoning that have aged on the grill. These potatoes were pretty uniform chunks with little seasoning. Personal preference.\nIt usually comes with Italian toast but they were out so  I went with raisin. It was delicious soft inch thick slices.\nCoffe was excellent and the cup stayed full. The total was les than  15. Fabulous value for the quality and portions.\nWhile  I can t say it s the best breakfast in Pittsburgh  only here  3 days   its the best so far and one of the best we ve had. 
Met my nephew for lunch in Carnegie and he suggested Gab    Eat. Way to go Justin  The restaurant is in  a strip mal acros from the Dairy Queen. The gril is right up front so you can se them cooking. They have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4. Don t expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4. They have  a great looking breakfast menu. We al got burgers of varying kinds  They were tasty  The buns were buttered  toasted and soft. Yum  the amount of butter didnt bother me but it did my whiny mother. Who whined even though there is  a no whining sign as you walk in the door. We ordered fresh cut fries as onion rings. Both of which were great. The half order was plenty and  a nice option to  a ful order. The restaurant was ful of local men at lunch which is usually  a good sign.  I give it  a  4 star only because of the waitres who kind of threw straws  silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter. At least she didn t throw the food when it came  She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird. They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers. It didn t factor into my four star rating but  I deduct  a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay  Just kidding Justin  Love ya  
This is  a perfect example of what  a breakfast diner can be: excellent breakfasts in huge portions for cheap.  I had the western omlet and wil be getting it or another omlet again soon\n\nThe coffe was good  totally serviceable diner coffee. The waitres was wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table. The food was excellent. The ambience was exactly right for  a diner. It was packed. The wait was not nearly as long as  I was expecting. 10 minutes maybe.\n\nTotally recommended. Come hungry. 
Wow  Read the great reviews and  I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed gril was THE best breakfast I ve ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is  a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. ..what else could you ask for  
 I have been coming to Gab  n Eat for almost 20 years and They have never let me down.  I get  a typical breakfast if eggs  ham  toast  and home fries. Delicious as usual. The ambience however is usually lacking. The walls are dark  with writing and signatures of semi famous people al over the place. Pictures of local people hang on the walls i secretly want mine up there  along with posters galore. While its fun to look at the first 10 times  it gets  a little boring after awhile. So today when  I arrived  I expected the same old experience. Wow was  I wrong  As soon as  I looked at the door  I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise  they painted and got new counter tops  They re not quite done yet but the place has  a new Happy vibe to it. The awesome breakfast  the new decor and the  5 guys sitting at the counter making me laugh are why  I wil be back  maybe for lunch . 
 A gem. The coffe cups are mismatched  . The owner is thre feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome.  I had the pancakes  my daughter had the sausage and eg sandwich. Cash only. Friendly service. 
Excellent breakfast and lunch menu. Friendly staf and super food. Modest environment with excellent food. Worth the wait. dont mis this one. \nBest breakfast and lunch food in the Pgh South Hills hands down. 
What  a find   I stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business. The service is so friendly  I thought  I was down south. The service was quick  frankly and felt like  I was with family. \nFantastic poached eggs  Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely  a place  I world recommend to locals.  I was stuffed and the bil was only  8.00. 
 A fine breakfast joint. You gotta love the smal diners. Highly recommended. 
Barb s Country Junction gets  a  5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that  a Pittsburgh restaurant should be. In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia s eye  it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I m hungry on the weekends. \n\nBarb s breakfasts cannot be beat  but truly any meal you get there you won t regret. Everything is made to order  with fair portions  and great prices. My recommendation is  a breakfast sandwich on  a bagel and  a coffee. There s nothing better than drinking from  a cup that could have come from your grandma s kitchen.\n\nI know that Gab  N Eat is nearby  and Barb s can be  a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is  a gem of Carnegie that you ve gotta try  
Great little place. Treats you like  a local.Eaten here  3 times  a week for  a month. Same overtime. Barb is always here. 
This is  a great place to eat and everyone is so friendly.  I live right down the street from here but unfortunately   I have only gone  a once. Trust me   I wil go here more often. The food is great  prices are low  and the staf are friendly. My cousin and  I wanted  a place to eat and catch up and this was perfect place.  I wil go here more often. 
My first time going to Barb s Country Junction and  I really wanted to like this place   I really did..however   I didn t.\n\nThe food was decent  some was above average and some below but it was overal decent.  I got pancakes  bacon and eggs. The pancakes were really good and fluffy  the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well. My son had  a burger and it was good. The coffe at this place was brewed to perfection which  a appreciate.  I would give the food 3/5.\n\nThe service was subpar for sure. While our waitres was  a really nice girl  she wasn t on top of anything at all. Had to ask for coffe refills  had to ask for silverware  for napkins..etc. She got the order messed up and so on.  I give the service 2/5.\n\nThe inside of the place had some country charm as you d expect but want particularly cleanly. It also had  a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water.  A customer even tripped over the buckets and fell.  I give the interior 2/5.\n\nThe prices were decent.  I fed my whole family breakfast  3 of us  for  23.  I give the prices 3/5.\n\nSo in summary  you can get okay food here for  a rather cheap price but it is not  a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that  I wil patronize in the future rather than Barb s. 
My husband and  I tried this place for the first time today. It was easy to find and no problems with parking. It s \"Seat Yourself\"  but there were no signs stating this  so we stood there looking like fools for  a minute. It took awhile for the waitres to acknowledge us and I m guessing that this was Barb. She apologized and said that one of her workers called of today. No big deal and her apology was appreciated. She came back with our drinks  dropped them off  and left again. We didn t se her for another 20 minutes. Ultimately  we were there for 30 minutes before she took our order. This was aggravating to me.  I don t mind waiting for my food if  I know it s going to be awesome and they re making it with love  but come on now. We ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage. The food was alright  really nothing special.  A new waitres ended up taking care of us and she was much more attentive. We may or may not go back. 
For the price  I ended up paying  this place was fine. There was  a ful kitchen  king bed and TV.  I was just surprised at the lack of amenities at the hotel. While  I have stayed at other extended stay hotels   I was surprised to find  a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week..if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it. If you needed fresh towels  you d have to go to the main desk to get them. They also only provided  a smal bar of soap in the room..not the typical soap  shampoo  lotion  etc. This didn t bother me to much as  I was only staying  a couple days but again  I found it surprising not to have these basic things. \n\nThe hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from. The hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice. 
Great value  close drive to city  not much to do around hotel  its  a busines park. Carnegie city has  a few bars and restaurants. 
Simple\nRustic\nLocal\nWait that is every Gordon Ramsey review\n\nMy experience at extended Stay America was great. The staf was warm and friendly and made it  a point to speak to me every morning as  I left and when  I returned in the evening. They went out of their way to provide  A confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurants and nightspots when needed. \n\nIf  I ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel  I wouldn t hesitate to head back there. 
I ve stayed at  a couple of Extended Stay sites that  I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good. Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh. It is just  a five minute drive to downtown. Location is in  a busines park area so it is quiet. \n\nThe rooms contain  a nice kitchenette area with  a ful sized refrigerator  sink  cabinets and two burners. There is no oven which  I expected as the descriptions al state \"ful kitchen\" so be aware of that. Also they do not keep the dishes  pots and pans  coffe makers  toasters or utensils in the rooms. If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in. \n\nThe room was clean and wel maintained. Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable. The fre wifi is usually fast. \n\nThe best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were al very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with  a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it. 
Tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful 
 I have said it on other sites and wil repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with  a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinnes gravy and if you haven t had enough go for the ultimate sleeper  Leek and potato soup. Authentic black    tans. Harp and Murphys on tap. It don t get no better. This is  a true gem my friends. 
Be warned. Don t expect the best service ever. It s not the cleanest place you ve been in either. The decor is soccer jerseys from places and teams you ve probably never heard of. It s divey  eclectic  and authentic. \n\nIf you re looking for good Irish food and  a cold pint  you can t go wrong at the Pour House. Like most of Carnegie s Main St  this is  a hidden gem worth seeking out. They have some of the best Irish food I ve had in Pittsburgh- the colcannon is awesome and the shepherd s pie is out of this world. If you re not looking for Irish food  then try the grilled cheese- and make sure you ask it with the thre cheeses together. It s big and the cheese is thick and gooey.  I get it with  a side of potato pancakes. Yum. \n\nAlso  they have Guinness  Smithwicks and Harp on tap. 
If  I could give this place les than one star   I would.  I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy  the place reeked of smoke  and the bartender/server was surly  to put it mildly. We went there on  a Saturday night with  a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently  we were out of luck. I ve always thought that the secrets of restaurant succes is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no \"pies\". No chicken pot pie  no shepherds pie  etc. So  we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife  for example  ordered the Irish stew and he came back  5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out  a third option  ham and cabbage  only to be told again that \"they were out\". At that point  realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus  we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on  a debit card. In short  unles you like your dinner with  a side of disappointment and depression  I d probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague   I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out.  I only have two bathrooms at my house and would ve been hard pressed to accommodate several violently il people at once. 
Best Irish food in the Burgh. Great bar food too. The service is maybe  a bit surly and it s not the cleanest  nor the best decor. But  that s not what this place is about. It s  a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals. And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again. 
Okay  so hopefully you haven t been enjoying happy hour    Riley s Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. \n\nTo recap: Murphy s Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan s Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy s Pour House from 2002-2012. And  bagpipe please  Riley s Pour House opens March  1 of 2012. Stil with me \n\nIt s  a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah  Same lousy service. \n\nMy gues is that the entire place needs  no  strike that . demands  an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks  bartenders  or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It s actually pretty funny if you re not a  hungry or b  thirsty. \n\nI really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. \n\nGet it together  Murphy s . er   I mean Sullivan s..er   I mean Paddy s or is it Riley s   ;  . Whatever the case  they have cold Guinness. And Irish music. And fun patrons. 
The delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell  having confused 13 and 113.\n\nRather than taking  a step back and analyzing the situation  he begins to accuse my wife and  I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.\n\nThe driver then gets on his cel phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed  begins to cal his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges. \n\nSo  I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was  phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than  a thank you or  a sorry  he just speeds of  breaking the speed limit on our block  to reach his destination 50 feet away.\n\nI would cal to complain  but based on the other reviews  its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it s residents  and its pretty wel known around town just how awful their food is  so it would be pointles to boycot  a place I d never order from again anyway.\n\nDo yourself  a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town. 
3/6/12 visit  -  i am from san francisco bay area and if  u want  a dive go to china town in san francisco.  - this place was dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food  i have every tasted came from  a dive. the food was really good and my group ordered  a bunch of different things it was al good- a- taste.- prices are reasonable a-. --they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong.\nsweet potatoe fries a+\npizza  - a\neggplant hoagie b+\ngreek salad b+\ngyro a+\nif they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english  4 star * 
Recommended. 16 inch pizza on special was cheap. Fast service. Not the best pizza but above average. 
Some of the worst pizza I ve ever had. We used  a coupon from the paper for  a  2 topping  8 cut Sicilian. First of al the pizza wasn t even cut through  and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that  4 of the slices were about an inch wide  while the others were about 4\" each. The toppings were scarce  they used mini pepperoni and put maybe  8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from  a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like  a fishy sourdough roll. I m serious. It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross. \n\nWe also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted  and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The \"steak\"  if you an cal it that  was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was  a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that  I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest. \n\nI have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed.  I thought  I would give them another try since I d never ordered  a Sicilian pizza from there. What  a mistake.  I wil never order from them again  
Having certain businesses with skil sets in your local neighborhood is important.  I try to keep it as local as possible  so when  I heard about  a tailor in Carnegie  I was intrigued. The building is in  a strip mal acros from Carnegie Coffe Company. Unassuming  looks like it is closed al the time  until you do  a drive by and se the hours posted. There is  a Latino man in his 20 s working when you arrive. In my mind   I imagine  a tailor to be older  kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck  Textbook movie tailor   so  I was  a bit trepidatious about dropping of my clothing. He asks you to go change into  a closet  Yes   a closet to change in with one lightbulb  BUT al my worries aside  the moment he started working on my items  I knew he was the real deal. He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew. and he does things the correct way. Meaning  for example-  I took in  a pair of khakis al the way down to the cuff  but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when  I first bought them. Most placed wil have bulges and puckers. The rest of my items were just as perfect. Very inexpensive at  10 for  a pair of pants to adjust the hem. The items were done in  a timely manner. He takes his busines very seriously. While  I was there   I watched  a lady rush in and demand  6 shirts to be altered in an hour  and he did it and charged the same price. Really nice guy  please go and support this busines to keep him around town  
New to area and decided to pay this shop  a visit  It was definitely the best experience I ve ever had with  a tailor. He is MUCH cheaper than the other shops  he charges 10 while others charge  15  and he goes above and beyond for what he charges.\n\nI dropped of  4 jeans  and he hemmed and tapered the jeans   I couldn t even tel the difference between the store bought jeans and the quality of his work. It was absolutely perfect  no bulges or puckers  They the match the exact stitch as the factory. \n\nAbsolutely  a great guy  they were al done and waiting for me as promised  I l definitely be taking al of my busines to this place  and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for  a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business. 
 I needed alterations done to my suit very quickly. Like thre days quickly. Not only did Filberto at Alteration World have it ready  the price was beyond reasonable and the work was EXCELLENT   I plan on bringing al my clothes to him from now on.\n\nOh and he let me know that they also dry-clean. Wonderful shop  
This is the best alteration place  I have been to. The guy that owns it is extremely helpful and works FAST. Also  the prices are so reasonable  I wonder how he stays in business. He was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating. The alteration  I needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season. Al the other places  I called gave me  a several week wait  but he took me right away.  I wil be back  
 I just needed  a broken zipper replaced on my favorite Penguins fleece jacket and  a pair of suit pants hemmed. The price was very reasonable and the work done was great.  I wil go back for al my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done. 
Are you are really looking at the review for LJS  Its fried stuff  with extra fried stuf in  a cardboard boat. You wil regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish  but it is delicious. 
 I agre with Paul on this one. But  I had to stop here on my way home from work tonight. \n I think  I feel my heart yelling at me again     The gal at the drive thru window was just so sweet     I just might go back and ask her to marry me  \nBut then again    she gave me  a slip with  a survey on it to fil out online. \nMaybe she just wanted my positive response. Ok Sarah B. you got it . now where s my fre coke    
It s deep fried garbage..it s LOS c mon what do you expect..however  I have never had better  friendlier service at  a fast food restaurant. 
By far the worst most unprofessional dentist  I have ever experienced her staf is to busy watching soap operas on al the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me  a filling which was to deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawai and she had to stop  3 times to pay for them and show her whole staf al of them must be nice to have  a 14 year old go to Hawai on her moms dime and have her patience wait to se al of this happen  I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in to deep an abscessed tooth was the result  I wouldn t recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone  I hate because of the thre months of extreme tooth pain  I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after  I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care les and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled  
When  I moved to the area  Dr. Weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been  a client for years. I ve had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staf since seeing her two years ago. The team is professional  nice and courteous.  I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to  a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that s saying something.  I DO wish they would turn of FOX news in the lobby as I d rather watch paint dry but. nobody s perfect. 
In al fairnes  -  I did not se this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.\n\nWhen  I look at Yelp reviews   I usually weed out the outliers  the best and the worst . Unfortunately  there are only two reviews.\n\nIt was my first time at the office. The office admin  very nice  asked for me to come early  before 9am  to complete paperwork.  I arrived at 8:50.  I waited.  I watched  2 employees walk by me  unlocked the door and re-locked it . They did not acknowledge me.\n\nThe door  I was at had signage  open hours .  I decided to leave because of  a review where the staf seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.\n\nThe office admin  very nice  called me to inform  I am missing my appointment.  I explained to her that there were to many indications where this was not going to be  a good fit and wished her the best of luck.\n\nI recommend if you se this dentist you go to the front door  furthest away from the parking lot  for the entrance.\n\nPoor recommendation because the staf who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in  a previous review. 
This is by far the best dentist  I have ever been to. She is honest and never trys to sel you  a bunch  a stuf that you dont need. We are very great ful that we discovered her. We adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in Pennsylvania at least once  a year for cleaning and check ups  worth the drive from Florida. 
I ve been to this office  a good amount of times. Each time the receptionists give of  a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable. Dr. Weinberg herself is very nice  but  I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue  I have is that  i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow  I have received an invoice for  55.  I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so  I gave up. Wil never go back or refer anyone else 
Don Don is  a restaurant  I find myself missing now and again  it s probably my favorite restaurant in Carnegie. Simple setup  just  a smal restaurant with  a few tables and  a TV. Oddly enough  I think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup  never had better. The food is average but  I always enjoyed eating there  great service and  a cheap place to get Chinese food. 
Take it from me; avoid this place at al cost. The only time  I go is when  I am starved and don t have the energy to cook or get edible food. And then after  I have been kicking myself. 
Far away from real Chinese food. Doesn t even taste good as American style Chinese food. 
 I used to order takeout here once every month or so. The food tastes average and the price is good. It s your typical low-end Chinese place. \n\nThe last  and final  time  I ordered here  I just so happened to be picking up my order while  a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds. While  I was waiting on my food  which took much longer than usual  the inspector was pointing out violations. He also requested  a copy of  a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce. The inspector looked at me like  I was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions. \n\nAs for the rest of the place  - it s always been kind of dirty inside. The carpets are just FILTHY and the walls match. There are always children s toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there  so be careful not to trip. \n\nThe workers do seem like nice people just trying to make  a living but when it comes to cleanlines Don Don is lacking. 
Delicious Singapore noodles and seafood delight. Crispy flavorful crab Rangoon  and cold sesame noodles done wel  but could ve used  a bit more sauce . Excellent real Chinese food  friendly service. Restaurant ambience: high school cheap date quality. 
 I came here with two friends prior to visiting Apis Meadery next door this past weekend.  I ordered the General Tso s chicken  and my friends ordered the sesame chicken  crab rangoon  and another appetizer  eg rolls  . They ordered the combo with les meat  and  I ordered the one with more--the names were very similar  which  I found confusing. The food took quite  a while to come up  ~15 min.   so I d suggest calling ahead if you re in  a rush. While we were waiting  the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in Chinese  and then at  a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery  probably the same person .\n\nTo be honest  I m not much of  a fan of Americanized Chinese cuisine  I lived in Singapore for  3 mos. and have visited Hong King and Japan ; it s been awhile since I ve had it  and this dish reminded me why.  I don t care for the overbearing sweetnes and thicknes of the sauce  nor do  I care for the pre-cut meat in the dishes  I like to cut up my own meat  thank you very much   so the flavors and textures don t do much for me. Having said that  my friends claimed this was the best Americanized Chinese fare they d had in PGH  and they live in Squirrel Hill    so if you re  a fan of this cuisine  you can take that into consideration.\n\nIf nothing else  this meal provided us with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead  which  I appreciated. 
Al  I can say is the worst  We were the only  2 people in the place for lunch  the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys   2 bicycles   a scooter  and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room.  A fish tank with filthy  slimy fingerprints smeared al over it is there for your enjoyment.\n\nOur food came. no water to drink  no tea  medium temperature food. Of course its cold  just like the room   I never took my jacket off  The plates are to small  you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of  a box and nasty  the shrimp was mushy  the fried rice was bright yellow.\n\nWe asked for water  they brought us  1 in  a SOLO cup for  2 people.  I asked for hot tea  they said 10 minutes.  \n\nOver all. my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap  and deservingly so. 
We went on  a weeknight. Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken. We ordered an ap and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so. Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back. 
Went for breakfast on 6/16/14. We received very good service and meal came within  a few minutes.Waitres could have smiled more but was friendly. \nI had  a Grand Slam. it was more than enough food. \nMeal was very tasty. We wil definitely go back. \nIt is  a popular Denny s. 
 I love their stakes and  i come here every week just to get the  t bone steak  it is completely delicious  \n\nGreat atmosphere  there is always  a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well  
Perfect time with hubby  after work which is  4 am and you can stil have  a hot nice meal  waitres was such an adorable girl. Her arm was broken or smth but she stil dis  a great job \nStrawberry lemonade was just smth  i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :  \nStrawberry milkshake  nachos and  t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering \nIts always nice when  u go late at night like us  it is not crowded  not noisy  nice music playing and always nice people around. \nIf you want smth quick and it is late at night then  i would say Denny s  
This location never disappoints  Food is always consistently great  and if you come at the right time   witching hours  you may se the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome     Love this place  
 I belong to this gym.  I live in the South section of Pittsburgh  and  I find that this gym is not to far from me. The staf is friendly  the equipment is quite good. You get two fre personal training sessions when you join. They have lots of weights  which my boyfriend uses  and  a decent cardio room. The only thing  I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment. Water is only  1  a bottle  
 I bought  a thre month membership last year  mainly to attend the Silver Sneakers classes.  I was in my early sixties and hadn t exercised in  a while.  I tried the evening classes but they were very crowded and difficult  so  I tried  a morning clas for seniors.  I like to stretch out before my clas actually starts  so  I went to the tail end of  a yoga class. The women in this clas were very nasty to me and told me that  I wasn t welcome to stretch out in their class.  I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members.  I didn t feel welcome here.  I complained to the manager  who said that  I was welcome to stretch out in whatever clas  I wanted to  but the hostility of these yoga students was very evident. Do they think that this is their private gym  
 I really like this gym. It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don t have big contracts and they have flexible memberships. Great selection of classes. Al the instructors are very good knowledgable and motivating. Al the staf working there are super nice. Their selection of the equipment is good to   
If you like being greeted in the morning by  a gym worker slopping down eggs from  a frying pany instead of working..this is your gym..complain to the manager and she gets nasty..try getting in touch with the owner..impossible  Most unprofessional gym ever  
 I brought my husband and my parents al to Papa J s last time my husband and  I were in Pittsburgh. My parents are really picky about their italian food  usually they drive places in east bumf*   tarentum  ligonier..  to get their capital I-talian.\n\nMy pop is kinda grumbly  and getting him to try something new is like pulling teeth. The only reason  I got him here was becuase they were on their way to drop us at the airport.\n\nWell  my dad goes back now regularly and that says  a lot  considering he lives in Murrysville. \n\nThe first good sign Dad was happy was that he seemed impressed when it was open- it was noon  a few days after Christmas. Second good sign was that Dad ordered wine  at it was only  1 pm. Dad  while not  a teetotaler  rarely has  a drink before  5 pm so  I know he was anticipating  a good meal. The kicker was that he was so happy he left our waitres  a  20 tip on  a  50 meal. \n\nCan  I say   I live in Texas now and  I stil relive this afternoon back in December   I had chicken picatta..it was perfect. My dad had eggplant rollatini  my mom had  a pizza  and my hubby had basic pasta and marinara. It al was amazing  delicous  and inexpensive. In Austin  you can t get  a decent italian meal  much les  a decent italian meal for under  50 for four people.\n\nI know there are so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh but  I just think back so fondly on this day..when me Dad liked someplace  I took him :  
Papa J s is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh  my hometown.  I eat there almost every time  I visit  and everything I ve ever ordered has been fantastic. Fresh ingredients  simple preparation  reasonable prices. Also  they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN. 
This is one of my husband s fave restaurants in town. My husband generally orders Chicken Parm  which is very good. Their sauce is quite good. They serve fresh bread with  a plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping - yum.\n\n  I generally order one of their house salads  think it has  a specific name  but can t recal of the top of my head  which has mixed greens and  I get it with blue cheese  pine nuts and their yummy vinaigrette.  A tad pricey for  a salad that s just lettuce and cheese  I want to say about  8 with the extras   but really good.  Especially with some cracked black peeper.   I tend to follow this up with  a smaller plate like their red pepper ap or the greens    beans. \n\nThe place has sort of  a rustic atmosphere and can be on the loud side. It has  a comfortable feeling. It also has  a solid wine by the glas selection - better than  a lot of places in the  burgh. \n\nUnfortunately  we ve never had dessert there b/c we get so ful of bread and dinner  
Thanks yelpers for this find. The service  the plating  the ambiance were wonderful.  I had the eggplant parmigiana and it was good  - but different. It was thinly sliced  like deli meat  and wasn t breaded  it was fried in  a very light batter. 
This place has been  a favorite for 20 years since we returned from  a trip to Italy having several weeks of fabulous fresh food  and couldn t think of any place we wanted to eat. Papa J s measures up to our expectations with great salads  bead and wine. I m partial to the eggplant rollatini and my husband likes samplers  ravioli  fish  white pizza.  I like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable servers. Sometimes it is  a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with  a large table nearby. But don t get the wrong impression -it s  a great place-consistantly great food. 
Great  authentic  classic Italian restaurant in one of the most unlikely places. \n\nI grew up eating here and make  a visit nearly every time  I come to town.\n\nTry the fried calamari \"Roman Style\" for  a little kick  
I ve been to Papa J s twice and had mixed experiences.\n\nBoth times  I had the banana pepper appetizer  which is great and goes really wel with the FRESH and delicious bread and cheese they give you at the start of your meal.\n\nFor entrees  me and my girlfriend have had mixed experience. I ve had the fish sandwich  very good  and the eggplant parm sandwich  okay . My girlfriend got the salad with bread and basil on it  but the basil was over powering and the bread was soggy with the dressing. \n\nThe service is also  a mixed bag. The first time our server went out of her way to take care of us and even MADE me cocktail sauce for my fish sandwich. The second time  the server was lackluster  didn t know anything about the menu and wasn t able to take proper care of us. \n\nI would return to Papa J s  but  I my terrible experience last time isn t enough to say it would be my first pick of places to eat around Carnegie/Robinson. 
 I went there for dinner last night with  a client. This is second time  I visited.  I had  a scotch and he had  a Guiness. The  -1  is for drink selection. Just stock some better beers and higher end scotch and you re five stars.\n\nWe started with the meatballs covered with Provolone and other blessed goodness. These did not disappoint.  I had  a four cheese pizza with sweet sausage and garlic. It was fantastic. They have so many good dishes  but  I wanted the pizza last night.  I couldn t finish the pizza  - way to go big medium pizza.\n\nI finished up with  a coffee. The parking can be  a bit of  a challenge on the street  but it s  a smal town atmosphere in Carnegie  PA.  I love the downtown there. 
What  a wonderful surprise found in Carnegie PA  just south of Pittsburgh.  I was in town on busines with  a couple co-workers and after having  a not so great meal the night before  we asked one of the locals for  a recomendation. They told us to try this little Italian place called Papa J s and boy did they send us to  a great place.\n\nFirst off  when you walk up to the place  the front and side windows give you  a fantastic open view into the kitchen from the outside. You can stand outside and watch the chef making al the wonderful food and you can smel the fresh bread before you even walk in the door.\n\nI am not sure how long this place has been around but the kitchen looked wel used  while the dining area as wel as the bar looked very clean and modern  almost as if it had been freshly updated. \n\nThe server was quick to welcome us and suggested several different items of the menu as his favorites when asked. The thre of us were very hungry and wanting to try  a few different things  so we began with  a Margherita pizza which was absolutely perfect. They obviously make their own breads and dough for the pizza and  I don t think this pizza could have tasted any better. Then came bowls of Italian wedding soup which was pretty good. Of everything there  this was the one item  I probably could have done without. Not that it was bad  but there was nothing particularly special about it. \n\nWe also ordered the Garlic Rolls  not that the bread they already give you and the pizza was not enough carbs for  1 meal  and they were to die for. Crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy inside  these things were  a meal by themselves. One of the guys with me said the pizza sauce would be good on them so he ordered  a cup of the pizza sauce  which is fresh made there  not out of some can  and he was right. As if these little killer bread balls with garlic were not good enough  dipped in the pizza sauce they were even that much better. \n\nBy the time our meals came  we were al pretty full  but we pushed on and continued to eat.  I had the Veal Parmigiano which was tender and very good. It came with  a side of pasta which  I tasted just to try and it was excelent as well. Had  I not been eating  a weeks worth of carbs in one sitting with al the pre-meal stuff   I certainly would have finished it. As it was   I ate most but not al of the generous portion of veal. \n\nOne of my co-workers had the Chicken Picatta which he said was one of the best he had ever had and the other guy tried  a pasta dish which he said was very good as well. \n\nThey had  a great wine selection as wel at reasonable prices by the glas or bottle.\n\nOveral  a fantastic experience with great food and atmosphere.  I don t really know how expensive the area is for food  but coming from the Chicagoland area   I fouknd this place to be pretty reasonable. The thre of us ate very very wel for an average of aproximately  30 each not including alcahol. Fantastic fresh food at  a reasonable price  who could ask for more.\n\nMy only complaint is that  I had to return to Chicago and  I am now craving to return to Papa J s.  I hope work sends me out here again sometime soon  
Yay  I m  a fan but sometimes service is  a little slow  it was very good for us this visit. Go to Papa j s every once in  a while but mostly for the White Pizza. It is the best white pizza  I have ever had. Order the white pizza on our visit this weekend. it has garlic  spinach  feta cheese and we usually ad some veggie on top. It was delicious  Order fried calamari and it was OK..note to self next time try the calamari roman style.\n\nLike the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting. \n\nThe bar was jumping thou never go to the bar. 
Terrible service. Food unremarkable. Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement. Saved his tip by discounting meal after  I complained. Al and all   a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests. Not to be repeated  never again  
Yay  I m  a fan of the white pizza. Had take out. \n\nThe bar was jumping when  I picked up our order.\n\nThe white pizza is so delicious..with garlic  spinach  feta  and added some veggies. Tried the Roman Style calamari  very good better than the fried calamari we had last time. 
We met our good friends from Morgantown here for lunch today and were really impressed with the place itself and the menu. \n\nI had read  a few of the reviews ahead of time and the pizza was mentioned more than once so by the time we got there   I was jonesing for it. \n\nIt certainly delivered. The crust was great  the sauce wast to sweet and the toppings were sufficient. \n\nOur friend for the baby clams with oil and garlic over angel hair and let me try  a bit  - as good as the pizza was  this was _much_ better. \n\nWe l return again to this beautifully lit gem in Carnegie PA soon  
OK  its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat. Driving by Papa J s and  W says  lets stop in and get  a quick dinner. \n\nAdvice host that we are in  a hurry. The host advised us it is  a 90 minute service. The place was crowded  we were seated at the last open table. However our waiter  Jason  said he wil do his best to get as out on time. We ordered our dinner immediately  with  a salad and  a glas of wine. In  a few minutes we had our wine  then in  a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving. for dipping. Yum \n\nJust as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason  The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good;  a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta. In and out in 60 minutes. Now that is some good service. 
Great little gem  The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price. The Italian food was amazing  but you can not leave without  a dessert and be prepared for giant serving.  I had the carrot cake yummy  Def  a place everyone should try. 
 I have to say that  I write this review with much regret  because  I have always loved PaPa J s. But my recent experience there has changed my mind  a bit. \n\nFrom the minute we were seated  we were greeted by  a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn t know the menu. As  I said before  I ve been to PaPa J s  a good handful of times so  I know the menu decently well  but the server couldn t explain any of the questions  I had about  a couple new dishes  I was thinking about trying.  I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time  a few minutes ago.\n\nBut it wasn t just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for  a glas of water  4 times until she finally got it  at which point the meal was over  so we didn t care at that point .  I mean come on  for  a restaurant of this calibre and price is it to much to ask for  a glas of water  There was no one filling up water.\n\nMy biggest complaint  however  is what happened with our meals. My dad and  I both ordered the trout special  trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat . Instead  the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with  a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all. And by the way  that item is on the menu as  a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server  which  we are sure it was  or the chef  who knows for certain. Not to mention  though  that  a good server wouldn t have served us that regardless. \n\nBut before you think we had an unusal experience that was al due to  a poor server  let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake  he didn t really believe us until he checked his order sheet  and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point  the meal had been sitting  because it took us forever to flag this guy down again  so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So  he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile  of course  my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and  I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife stil had not gotten the water she had been asking for  and my iced tea had been refilled with  a soda  yes  believe that or not . Al the kitchen did was scrape their \"mistake\" of of our fish  They didn t remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking al over it. Quite frankly  the fish wasn t good at all.  I honestly would have rather had  a fish sandwich from McDonald s that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better  - he knew we weren t happy  but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I m not looking for  a handout  but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally   I may have asked for  a manager  but at this point  I was ready to just get out of there  plus  we had to be somewhere else that night .\n\nMy opinion. for the money  there are many other restaurants  I would rather eat at. 
This is  a regular go-to for me.  I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that  I like and the food is always delicious.  I suggest trying the flourles chocolate cake in the front of the store  in the section where you can buy stuf to take home . It is sublime and makes you want to go to  a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness. 
 I thought the interiors were very nice. We stopped here on  a Friday night     I was glad they weren t busy because nothing else in the area looked appetizing. \n\nMy daughter     I split  a chicken parm sandwich  which was really good. Instead of it being served on  a hoagie  it was served on thin bread- like focaccia or something. It was pretty good- little messy.\n\nThe desserts looked amazing.  I thought it was pretty cool how you can watch the cooks prepare the food from outside. The kitchen is situated on  a corner with lots of windows.\n\nI would return. 
san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great.  I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area.  I liked Carnegie because  u can strol down Main street and hit  a couple places for lunch.  I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate  a lunchtime and it was nice. 
Coming here you get the feeling they haven t changed much. The tables  the decorations  the menu. Al the same. Does that make you  a little worried  Yes.\n\nI ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was. oily. Very very oily. The actual ravioli was okay  enough mushrooms. but it was oily. Did  I mention that  \n\nAmbiance  like  I said  left much to be desired.  I don t think I d have this place on my list of \"musts\" for downtown. Much better restaurants to visit  
Had dinner at Papa J s with  a group of 6.  I loved how the restaurant is in  a old brick building with large windows. It felt like  a neighborhood restaurant. On  a Saturday night  the restaurant was ful but not crowded. We were seated in  a room with poor acoustics. It was difficult to hear people at our table and the waitress. While she tried   I can se the asperation in her face when she had to repeat the specials to both sides of the table.\n\nPeople ordered bourbon on the rocks before dinner which seemed watered down  while my lemon drop was made nice. The bread was delicious  Can you describe it to be creamy  The fried zucchini was lightly breaded and not to oily. It was  a large portion made up of  2 sliced zucchinis.\n\nWe ordered  a variety of dishes. The pasta dish was dry with more pasta than sauce or meat. Those who ordered the fish special thought it was delicious. The shrimp dish was enjoyed as well.  I had the chicken marsala which was pretty good. The marsala sauce wasn t to thick  and the chicken moist.\n\nHard to tel if the deserts were \"homemade.\" The tiramisu and spumoni were smal in portion and meant for one. \n\nOn the whole   I was on the fence with my overal impression of Papa J s. \"A-ok\" probably is the best way to describe it. 
Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are \"just\" working  . They have nice decor nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is  the prices are really really high  . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes . 
Terrible service..terrible food..this place smells like rotten wet wood 
Great place for dinner  drinks or  a smal celebration.\n\nPapa J s is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don t have reservations and want  a nice dinner out. My husband and  I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed.  I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that the overal vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy.  I have been proved wrong. We are always able to walk in on  a weekend and get  a table within  a few minutes. Unfortunately  the alternate bar/lounge area isn t always open.  I really don t understand why more people don t go here. \nMy favorites are the fried zucchini  wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also  their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is  a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to ad the parmesan cheese that they put on the table. \n\nAlso  if you are looking for  a good place to host  a birthday party or event  consider Papa Js. They have  a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food. 
Although the first impression through the door is charming and the aroma enticing as you enter this restaurant- much can be improved upon for the prices asked for the dining experience. Our group of  7 had called  a week ahead and were seated in the back of the far dining room  right by  a door where clinking pots /pans and dishes were heard throughout our meal  as wel as  a Darth Vader type noise coming from the ceiling vent. Our waitres was not knowledgable of al menu items  and thre of our very simple requests did not come out as ordered.    dressing on the side of  a salad  les feta on an entre and no oil on another entree  The waitres blamed it on the cook  but did offer to get one entre changed. Also we were asked if we wanted pine nuts  feta or Gorgonzola on our salad and then were charged 2.0 extra per item in addition to the salad price  6.99  which brought the salad up to 10.9    Outrageous  \nThere is so much possibility for ambiance in this restaurant    but they mis the mark on service and atmosphere.  I wil most likely not return. Very overpriced for the quality and service. 
Papa J s is expensive and inconsistent. The ambiance is nice but it doesn t justify the prices. There are better restaurants in Carnegie. 
Very good restaurant with very good food at  a pretty reasonable price. We had  a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriends. The waitres was very efficient    but not very friendly. Our orders came out hot and excellently prepared  Try the tilapia milanese    it s excellent. Best steamed broccoli Iv e ever had. 
 I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. Came here with no expectations. \n\nI was greeted by  a large open  garage style  window  that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street. It had modern furnishings and the staf were quite friendly.\n\nOrdered the quattro formaggi pizza. Quite good  Great balance of cheeses. Not to rich at all. Crust was excellent too. Can t wait to come back. 
Just to start off  we were  a party of 12  which is always  a little difficult. We were celebrating  2 birthdays.\n\nWe LOVED the food  it was delicious. My husband got  a chicken parm sandwich  which is served on  a yummy flat bread  and  I got the chicken basil pizza     i got an  8 cut and several ppl tried it  we al LOVED it  It was stunning. It was made with  a very delicious crust  nice and crisp  not soggy  like pesto pizza can get \n\nThe one waitres we had JASMINE  was fantastic  She was bright  friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections. \n\nNow. the other waitress. Mary something was so incompetent. She was awful and rude. She missed  2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said  wel they didn t speak up   Ugh. Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake  my sister in law said  oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing   She came back  cut the cake  al crazy with some huge pieces and some super smal pieces like she never in her life cut  a sheet cake  and we didn t even sing  We were mad  \n\nThe place is so pretty  they have  a new addition that was just built within the last  2 years  according to my father in law  and its really nice. They look to have  a cool bar area with some modern couches and  a really sweet look. \n\nSo good food  great looking place. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place  nothing crazy. Al in all  we d like to go back again  but we want Jasmine  
 I am amazed that people can write negative reviews about Papa J s.  I have been  a return customer since the early 90 s and the food quality  and service  are way above average..and especially for this price range.\n\nKudos to management for maintaining such  a level of quality and freshness. Nothing we had tonight was disappointing  and we over-ordered because each dish was delectable.\n\nThe best item tonight was the Mozzarella appetizer \"cradled\" in Bread with an authentic marinara.\n\nThe white pizza with sun-dried tomatoes was  as usual  out of this world good. The scallops special appetizer was phenomenal.\n\nWE WIL BE BACK. 
Absolutely Awful Service. Went to Papa J s awhile ago and the service was bad  - the waiter was surly  rude and unhelpful. Decided to try it again since it is close to Stage 62. Big mistake. Greeted by  a dour manager that seemed mad that we had  a reservation. 30 minutes to get  a glas of wine. At one hour and 45 minutes complained to the manager that we stil had not received out entrees. He said   \" and said they had  a busy night. This is when tables around us sat empty.  I then had to go back to the manager to give us our bil so we could get away from this ruined evening. The bil was prepared incorrectly. If you want average food and terrible service  this is your place. We wil never go back. 
The menu has lots of choices and the food is great  The Resturante has been expanded so it s pretty large. The new section has door that they leave open during nice weather which makes for  a nice ambience  The bread is great and fresh baked daily  
 I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times.  I won t go back. The first time we were there almost  3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty.   After arguing with me he ended up taking  6 of of our  200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me  I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took  a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland  my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to  a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good  but that s it  My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when  I asked. Bad food  slow service and rude managers. I l pas on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at al with al the other good Italian options around. 
Delicious  Everything I ve ever had here was great  The white pizza is  a MUST  Always amazing  I m also  a big fan of the chicken piccatta. The bread that they bring to the table is delicious too  They have  a wide variety of selections on the menu and they also have nightly specials that always sound great  Their prices are also reasonable. Overall   I highly recommend this place  
2nd times  a charm. This place was 3.5 starts the first time  I came  but stepped up large tonight. Waitres was righteous and very fun. Food was al excellent. Caesar salad tasty--got with tomatoes big    on that  fettuccini carbornara with bacon  n smoky cream flavor. Can t wait for the leftovers  The white pizza is that star though. The crust/dough is heavenly and the flavor is top shelf.  I don t throw those accolades out easily  especially on pie  but this joint serves it up. Good vibe  great service  phenomenal food. Il be back. 
Service was great. Apps delish  specifically the stuffed banana peppers    lentil with ham soup.  I think  I chose the wrong entre though because  I ordered  a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteles with some crabmeat layed acros the top. It al reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck  Note to self. Order the pasta  
 I love this place  The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staf is always friendly  as well. 
spinach/feta cheese salad: B-\npesto alfredo penne  : :A+\nCoconut Cake huge piece: A+\nbread smal portions: B\nService  B \nhost seemed grumpy  waitres good  but then she got busy .\nPRICE: Pasta was  15 and the portion smallish more like  a  12.9 dish \nARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm 
It was just what we were looking for. The service was great. My husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size. It was great  spicy  and enough for  a meal.  I had the stuffed eggplant. That was very good but the sauce could have been  a bit heartier.  I would definitely go back. Really nice atmosphere and fre parking in the back. 
We stopped at Papa J s last Friday night  8/1  for  a round of drinks. There were  7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening. One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall  as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there   a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying  a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to  a waitres who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if we could have  a server take our drink order. She said \"yep\" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point  he asked to se the manager who came  a few minutes later.  \n\nMy friend said \"An apology would be  a good start\" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said \"Get out and don t come back\"   Are you kidding  \n\nMy friend is wel traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way  shape  or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. \n\nThat being said  we left and went back to 131 East  where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous  as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.\n\nThere are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J s is no longer the only game in town. Obviously this is the way  a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling  Do yourself  a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J s. They understand the concept of customer service. 
Some of the best chow around--love this place. The bread and salads and soups are great. 
Finally  great Tuscan-style Italian food in Pittsburgh  not that tasteles stuf that locals think is Italian.\n\nThe bread was warm and fresh. The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich  and unlike most restaurants was made with veal.  I love the fresh smel of baking bread throughout the restaurant.\n\nI m looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken options  and next time  I m saving room for dessert  The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing. 
Man has this place gone down hill. My husband and  I went  a couple of weeks ago. We had salads and pasta. Both were on the verge of inedible. With  a single glas of wine   I felt downright robbed at the  50 price tag. Seriously   I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better. And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse. seemed she knew it was terrible and didn t want to deal with it. Seriously  I d rather eat at the OG. 
Food was NOT GOOD at all  My husband     I ate here  a couple weeks ago for the first time.  I ordered  a salad    basil pesto cream pasta    my husband ordered the spinach    feta pasta. The salad was just  a huge plate of spring mix  nothing else in it  with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor  did not taste like  a cream sauce to me     the pesto was so runny/watery    way to much sauce not enough noodles. My husband s pasta had even les flavor than mine. We ate about  a quarter of the food    couldn t even finish it. We took it home    it was so bad  I didn t even eat my leftovers. And  I hate wasting food  Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get    of course the poor quality. Don t waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh. 
Talk about overpriced.  18 for  a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible  thin and flabby and rather unappealing. The pasta itself was ok  as was the sauce. The desserts are pretty good. But honestly  that is  a  10 dish whose price has been inflated. 
I m up in the air about how  I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both  a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffe places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staf are young and hip.  I think possibly  a little to young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but  I didn t adore her. I m stil working out my bil because they charged me to much on my copay and don t really seem to have al their info. together. After  a cleaning and fillings   I think I m going to look for somewhere else to get my future dental work done. 
I ve decided where  I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional  rude and have no clue what they re doing  behind the desk .  I wil not be going back nor wil  I have nice things to say about them. 
THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. THEY ARE BUTCHERS  My husband and  I went to Emmert Dental in Bethel Park for  a routine cleaning and check up.  I had one tooth that  I had  a recent root canal on and  a few smal cavities that needed filled. After the so called dentist  - Dr Carnavali  - did my exam   I needed  3 additional root canals and an extraction  An extraction on the tooth that just had  a root canal.  I was told that part of the tooth had broken of and that  a crown was no longer possible.  I didn t know any better  so  I agreed to schedule the extraction for  a few weeks later. The \"dentist\" wanted to extract it that day  but  I had plans for the weekend and was not about to be in pain. So   2 weeks later   I went in for the extraction. After they gave me novocaine they get me with \"you need  a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth\".  I have never had any issues with bone los with previous extractions so  I didn t feel it was necessary.  I had  3 employees surrounding me  pressuring me for this bone graft. So   I reluctantly agreed.  I had to pay  259.0 for this \"bone graft\". So   I signed everything.  I wasn t even given enough time to read the document  so  I should have known and got up and left right then and there. The \"dentist\" started the extraction.  I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. He pulled on my tooth  used  a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and was pulling so hard that my head was coming up and slamming back down against the head rest. Finally  after  a good 15 minutes of this torture  he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw.  I was literally ganging from al the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I m assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches.  I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then  I was hit with  a bil of  569.00  My insurance covers 100  of extractions.  I was in so much pain for  2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that  I had to cal of work and  I couldn t sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental. And after  a visit to  a very reputable dentist  an endodontist and an oral surgeon   I have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage Emmert Dental has done to my mouth. They caused  a very large deformity in my jaw and  I am at risk to lose additional teeth. Save yourself  a lot of time  money and pain. Emmert dental only cares about the money  wil over charge you and leave you les than happy with the dental work. They are butchers and should not even cal themselves dentist. And if you have an issue with their billing practices  don t expect to that resolved easily.  I have called numerous times and  I am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in.  I have contacted the B and  a lawyer.  I expect and want  a ful refund. No one should have to go thru what  I am currently going thru. They do unnecessary extractions so they can do  a more expensive procedure such as  a bridge or an implant. Now  I have to go thru oral surgery  more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of Emmert Dental. And the root canals they said  I needed  my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that  I do not need tooth canals. In fact  the teeth are perfectly healthy. They are crooks and butchers. 
The worst dental office  I ever been. No one can beat it  You should avoid it at any time. 
Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible  the staf seem to be generally clueless  the management is inclined to blame the staf for their own mistakes  and there s no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came  half of the menu board was stil on breakfast  and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald s should. \n\nThen again  the franchise is owned by Rice  and I ve come to take terrible service is their MO. 
My expectations for McDonalds are  t rarely high. But for one to stil fail so spectacularly..that takes something special \nThe cashier took my friends s order  then promptly ignored me.  I had to force myself in front of  a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me.  I waited over five minutes for  a gigantic order that included precisely one kid s meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food   I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for \"serving of their orders\" when they didn t have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls  and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.\nThe manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn t make sure that  I had everything ON MY RECEIPT  and never even had the decency to apologize that  I felt  I was getting poor service.\nI ve eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I ve worked at more than one location.  I expect bad days  bad moods  and the occasional mistake. But  I have yet to have  a decent experience at this store. It wil remain  a place  I avoid unles someone in my party needs to avoid illnes from low blood sugar. Perhaps  I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak  n Shake instead  
I ve tried to give this McDonalds  a chance but my patience has run out. The only reason why  I came here as much as  I did is because  I like the  1 iced coffees. But it s not even worth it. This McDonalds is po and so is most of the staff. \n\n    I told the petite sleepy eyed cashier  I wanted my money back  Her eyes opened wide in surprise  like  I really woke her up or something. She said \"Youre the one who ordered the iced coffee   I can get it for you \" For real  She was the one who took my order   I told her  I waited to long and  I just want my money back. The manager offered to make my iced coffee  but  I refused because  I had just had enough.\n\nThere are *few* employees there who work hard but everyone else is dragging their feet. There is no organization or teamwork  everyone is scrabbling. It looks like none of them want to be there.  I used to work in fast food and  I know it sucks  but come on \n\nI m sorry but  I can t recommend this Mcdonalds. It s poo. I m not coming back here anymore. Gues I l be going to Starbucks- and their iced coffees taste better anyway  
This McDonald s is so bad it s amazing. \n\nOrder: Big mac  large fries  diet coke.\n\nThe soda machine was broken. No sodas.\n\nThen  I got to the window. \"We rang you up for medium fries.\"  Not what  I asked for  \"Well  if you want  a large  you re gonna have to wait  4 minutes. We just started  a new batch.\"\n\nLeft with: Big mac  medium fries  no coke.\n\nActually  now that  I think about it  this was one of my better experiences there. 
We had the worst possible experience at the Eat  N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitres  Annemarie  was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with  a dish we had not even ordered and stil got charged for it on the check. \n\nOne of my friends ordered  a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich  which according to the menu description  should ve had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress  she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in  a plate  How crude  \n\nSpoke to the manager after paying the ful check and first of all  she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order  and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. \n\nWhen  I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato  she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato  What  a lame excuse  Even your online menu says under the description for  a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients  - \"Served with lettuce and tomato on  a fresh-baked Kaiser roll.\"  - That s what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying  Instead of admitting her fault  she was blaming it to  a new menu \n\nNot only did we have to pay for something that we didn t order or eat  but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu  and had to deal with  a really bad waitres and insensitive and deceitful manager to top of the whole experience. \n\nI am never going to come back to any Eat  N Park location ever again  and wil never recommend one to any of my friends either. What  a waste of time and money  Plus dealing with callous and lying people  - my goodness   I surely had my patience tested this evening  
This company represents  a honest and caring company that cares about their community. They operate  a variety of businesses and restaurants including the Eat  n Park locations  the new Porch in Shenley  Six and Pen Kitchen  and the new upcoming Hello Bistro.  I cannot wait to try al of their dinning places. 
They burned my fish and they burned it bad. Ordering fish at Eat n Park is always  a gamble.  I just never know how it s going to turn out. I m  a risk taker so  I ordered two pieces of baked lemon sole. \n\nWel it went terribly wrong. My waiter came out and said  \"They burned your fish  so  I had them put two new pieces in the oven.\"  I was impressed by his honesty and didn t mind waiting for two new pieces. \n\n  I gladly helped myself to my boyfriend s french toast while  I waited. \n\nThen out of no where another server comes to the table with the burnt fish and sets it down infront of me. With the burnt side down of course. That just shows the kitchen is not in total coordination. \n\nLike  I said getting fish from Eatn  Park is  a tos up. In the end  I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones  so  I left satisfied. 
Some how even though the food at this Eat n Park is down right abominable  the smiles and laughter is always there. How can  I stay mad when the prices or so cheep  Myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshakes and me having  a coffe it was  31.00\n\nOn this particular occasion the fire alarm went of and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minutes before the fire department got there realized they didn t have key to turn it of and than another 10 minutes later finally shut it off..only at Eatn  Park.\n\nMy baked potato was hard as  a rock   I had ordered two pieces of baked cod and only received one. \n\nThe waitres was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build  a rapport with our lil nephew which  I thought was sweet. 
This is  a tiny Starbucks and it locations like this  although cute  makes you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffe and leave. Leaving is always  a good idea at this location anyway since you have  a nice fountain in the back with benches and it is  a central part of the Waterfront Shopping. \n\nStarbuck isn t my favorite coffe chain by any means. Is it just me or do al Starbuck coffees taste  a little burnt and bitter  No matter how trendy  cool and upscale their establishments are  I can t get around the yicky tasting bitternes of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting  a bean..Maybe something has changed with their regular coffe but  I have not drank it in about  a year.  I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Stil I l give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn t taste half as bad as the regular coffe bean. 
Friendly staff  same starbucks fair you get anywhere else. Sometimes the lines can get long. 
Mmm..peppermint mocha\n\nIn my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA  I have stopped at yet another location. This one is located in the center of  a circle road - very cache and in  a newer part of the area. 
Typical Starbucks coffe chain.  2 things  I dont like about this Starbucks: \n\n1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty  compared to the other Starbucks  I have been in.\n\n2. If you have to use the bathroom  they give you  a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.\n\nAside from that  good coffe and fast/friendly service. 
If there was ever  a \"get your coffe and go\" Starbucks  this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront  this Starbucks has no sofa  comfy chairs  only table seating.  I love the baristas here  But  I don t like the location of the building. 
This is  a typical Starbucks. The coffe is good but the store is suprisingly dirty. 
 I have to agre with Joe on this one. The baristas are extremely friendly  and the service is great  but the fact that there are no comfy chairs or couches is very unwelcoming.  I do think however that the building is beautifully ans strategically located in the center of the shopping.  I just wish they had better seating. 
 I just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish. Well  in my world recently because it s been  a while since I ve been here.\n\nThey ve added more seating which makes it way more conducive to having  a meeting here. Which is my concern during the week.  I imagine during the weekend it just fills up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater. \n\nThe coffee  or tea for me. Is stil same old same old.  I don t imagine one single Starbucks wil break the mold and make original drinks. 
Great location  Close to shops and theatre. Nice staff. 
Regarding quality of beverage  this is just your average Starbucks.  I can t complain but am not blown away either. However   I really like the location of this shop  which is located in the center of The Waterfront s specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of  a lot of retail  the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass  flowers  and  a fountain. Hanging out here is very relaxing. 
 I love the location of this Starbucks  which is why I m giving it  4 stars. It s right smack in the middle of clothing stores  the Loews movie theater  as wel as restaurants.  I love grabbing  a mid afternoon latte here on  a Saturday while perusing various stores such as the Gap or Loft.  I also like coming here before or after  a movie for  a quick caffeine jolt.\n\nWhile the drinks are the same as you would find at any Starbucks  the baristas and staf are really friendly  perhaps more so than other area Starbucks. \n\nMy drink or choice when  I come here generally in the mod afternoon is  a venti  or trenta..  berry hibiscus refresher. Yum  It is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated. 
This Starbucks is teeny-tiny \n\nSeating inside is VERY limited. This is  a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.\n\nBaristas are friendly and fast. 
As far as Starbucks go  this is  a pretty nice one. The baristas are friendly and while  I was here   a lot of regulars must have come in  because they bantered away with almost everyone. The bathroom was clean and wel maintained and the trash wasn t overflowing in the canisters around the store. The pastries looked fresh  but  I didn t partake. The noise level was also at  a nice working level  - not to loud  music just barely audible.\n\nI do wish there was more seating. It is nice that this location has  a counter at the end of the bar for sole workers  but it doesn t replace more tables. I m sure this isn t as much of  a problem in the summer when there s the space outside.\n\nThere was  a treat receipt promo going on  but the barista didn t tel me about it  which  I found odd. Usually when they have promos like that going on  they ask everyone if they want their receipt to come back later in the day to claim whatever the offer is. Today it was one of their new pastries for  1   I know in the summer they do  2 grande iced drinks with that morning s receipt.\n\nOverall  nice working or socializing environment. Very friendly and inviting. It s what I ve come to expect from Starbucks  so points for consistency. 
I m not  a huge fan of this location.  I think that it was oddly built- the small  alley-like front makes it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or tables when it s busy. And there s hardly any tables to sit at. Furthermore  people tend to clog the front on their way in  which makes things particularly difficult  especially in the winter weather . The staf were pretty impersonal to be  but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time  I was there. And the coffe that  I had was cold- I m sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I d probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after  a movie or while we were shopping in the area. 
This Starbucks is 5-Star Friendly. The shift supervisor Lucious keeps the energy in there moving and light. He recently helped me with  a merchandise return and embodied everything  a good manager and al around mensch person should  - patience  kindness  generosity and fairness.  I left that afternoon loving Starbucks even more than when  I went in. It s great that  a company and their employees can be as loyal to their customers as their customers are to them. 
 I am always so pleased with the customer service here. For such  a tiny Starbucks  the do  a really great job serving the masses that come in there and stil manage to take the time to be friendly in the midst of the frenzy. \n\nOutdoor seating in the summer is nice. 
For someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er  this store can seem vast and confusing. There s rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and..oh my..scrap booking    \n\nI m in  a hurry  as always  and  I rush in and the first thing  I look for is an employee. No one to be found.  I could cal out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper  wood and gosh darn scrap booking..no felt    You re not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS..in fact  there s no service to be found  
 I have been frequently shopping at this Michaels store over the last couple months since  I began taking  a cake decorating clas and hosted  a large baby shower at my home. The store has typically had the supplies that  I need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supplies. This location is pretty average compared to other Michaels  - it s exactly what you would expect when going to this store. It s not  a large store  but it s not  a smal store - just average.\n\nI do enjoy using the Michael s coupons when shopping.  I definitely save  a lot of money  Instead of toting around the paper versions   I actually have the iPhone ap that has coupons available to use from the app. \n\nMy only complaint is that sometimes it takes  a while to check out at this location.  I don t normally have  a problem  - usually only one or two people ahead of me  - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today  for example  there were only two customers ahead of me  but one of them was having issues with  a coupon. The line began to get longer and longer  and though  a couple associates were lingering up front  they kept calling for someone else. From personal experience of being  a manger in  a retail store  do not linger or let your associates linger near the cashiers without jumping on register. Whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customers  it stil appears rude and make everyone more impatient. 
It s your typical chain craft store. And let me reiterate that I m not  a crafts person.  I walked in because  I needed dial rods for some signs  I had. Now for being  a chain store  I was  a bit upset because even though they had  a decent selection  the amounts they had for each one  I wanted were scarce. Imagine me standing there with different sizes of wood in my hand and just staring in disbelief. And for  a piece of wood  the price was  a bit steep.\n\nI wil provably come back here  but only for an item that  I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I m to lazy to drive further out. 
It s yet another Michael s  and it s  a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting  Michael s is  a godsend. 
 I come here pretty frequently for art and craft supplies. Whatever Michaels doesn t have  I just order online from  a different retailer. Some items are pricey but you can stil find some good deals. If you go al the way to the back of the store you can find interesting clearance items. Customer service is average. My favorite time to visit Michaels is when summer is about to end and al the fal and Halloween items are set out. Since  I come here often   I know where everything  I need is. However  the store could use  a new layout. 
The one good thing  I can say about Michael s is that they have  a wide variety of hobbies and crafts included in their selection. They ve got items for woodwork  painting  knitting  kids crafts  scrapbooks  you name it. The problem is  the variety of products for your particular craft is probably dismal. They ve got lots of cool items al over the store that you re convinced that somehow you need.  Because it is so cute  and you could TOTALLY do something with it. Right..   The store feels cluttered because there is so much stuf everywhere. However  if you re looking for something specific  good luck. It s not even  a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store. It s that when you find the right section  there s either nothing in stock  or they simply don t even carry what you need. \n\nI stopped in for crochet supplies  and the yarn selection was laughable compared to many other craft stores.  I ended up going elsewhere for my stuf anyway. \n\nPlus the prices at Michael s are significantly more than other area craft stores.  I usually only stop there if I m already at tend Waterfront. I d recommend checking other craft stores first. Unles you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael s has the best glitter selection/quality of any store I ve ever been to. 
You would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location. \n\nThey are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is  a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it s hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least  a half hour before getting assistance.\n\nThe organization is disjointed  especially depending on your project. There s even  a section called \"art supplies\".  I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store. \n\nWhat did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them  but apparently Michael s thinks  a grocery bag is sufficient to protect  a nice picture frame in bad weather. \n\nSo  the inevitable happened and  I dropped the bag. Now  I don t expect every place to be sympathetic  even though it could have been packed better  but when  I asked for  a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey  I did drop the thing  but some empathy would have been nice.  I wasn t completely out of line asking because  a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place.  I wil never be back to this or any other Michael s. 
Whenever  I was at the waterfront  I would eat here. The shakes are good  as are the shoestring fries and baked beans. The sandwiches are smal thin patties of meat so you probably want at least  a double. Overall  pretty tasty. 
The food is good and its CHEAP.\n\nI mean REALLY INEXPENSIVE.\n\n 4.0 for  a burger and fries. Ad  a coke and its like  10.00- 13.0 for two people. Seldom if ever crowded. \n\nService can be  a tad slow but hit or miss.\n\nThey also do breakfast and its  a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.\n\nTry the shakes  they re great. 
Its clean  open 24/7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes.   
This is the absolute WORST Steak  N Shake I ve ever been to. \n\nThe bf and  I got lost around Pittsburgh for 40 min. trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary  1 hour wait for our food  the food itself was just so crappily made. It was so bad and we had waited  a ridiculous amount of time  c mon  Steak  N Shake is basically  a glorified McD s   our waiter comped our WHOLE MEAL.\n\nIf not for the compensation   I would have been pissed that we had to pay for such  a crappy meal. The bf  on the other hand  was more upset about the principle of the matter. we had trekked al that way just to get our Steak  N Shake fix  since both of us haven t had it since our undergraduate days  and it was  a major fail.\n\nI think I m good with my Steak  N Shake craving for  a long time now..\n\n\n\nPS. The whole joint smells like major B.O. 
 I went here at  3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush  and the restaurant was maybe 20  full.  I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go.  I thought  I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has  a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.\n\nLong story short  my food never came. the waitres told me  after  I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes  that the kitchen hadn t even started on my order yet  so  I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now  I se that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish  I had looked it up earlier. 
 I heart Steak  N Shake.  I love the fact that the fries are shoestring  the burgers get to you pretty fast  they re  a little greasy  and the food is super cheap.\n\nI visited Steak and Shake on New Year s Eve in preparation for an evening of mostly tame partying.  I was unnaturally attracted to their Wisconsin Buttery Burger  which is  a double patty cheeseburger topped with grilled onions between two buns that have been buttered. Sounds good right \n\nWell   I get this delicious diet abomination and discover that my buns had been dunked in butter. The pearly gates of cholesterol laden heaven with the triglyceride angels were singing to me.  I took the liberty of increasing my sodium intake by pouring their burger/fries seasoning on the buns and  I literally got tears in my eyes..most likely from the salt overload  but possibly because this was one of the most evilly decadent things  I had eaten in  a long time.\n\nThis is not meant to be  a fine dining experience. Service wasn t fast but it wasn t slow. It just kind of was. However  the waitres did get  a point for explaining that the order would take  X amount of time to al patrons. So  I give them  a pas for being upfront about it.\n\nNext trip to Pgh is going to feature Steak and Shake  -  I guarante it. 
Well. as Steak  n Shake locations go  this isn t the best one around--but it is burgers and fries that are open 24-7.\n\nThe milkshakes are good \n\nPROS: \nAlways made fresh  when you order;\n\nCONS:\nGreasy  but its burgers ;\nTakes longer than typical in drive thru  but that s bc they re made fresh  ;\nService  on  a scale of 1-10  10 being awesome  is  a 4. 
In general  I do like Shake N  Steak  but this location is  a hit or mis location  You never know what kind of quality or service you re going to find here.  A friend and myself went  a few weeks back after  a movie and it had to be one of the worst trips there EVER  You can t entirely blame the waitres since she was the only one there for the entire place..poor scheduling on the manager s part. However  while she can t be accountable for the sloow service  she was accountable for both orders being incorrect. The burgers were over cooked and the fries were soggie and the milkshake was runny at best..\n\nBy far my worst visit to Steak n  Shake  
Rather typical SnS. Had  a good lunch crowd. Milkshake was good but not as good as EnP down the street. It took to long to get the burger for some reason  25 minutes   I realized cooked to order but this is  a little long for SnS. Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had  a smal portion of Gauc..not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason. Definitely did not look like the picture on the website. Oh well  
Ah  Steak  n Shake  you hit the spot after  a night of drinking. Open 24 hours  drive thru or dine in  with wonderful  cheap greasy burgers  chicken fingers  breakfast sandwiches  and shoestring fries. You re faster  and cheaper   than Eat  N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted  if we were at  a fancy party   I might act like  I don t know you  but deep down inside you know  I heart you. 
The only thing worse than the food is the service. 
Terrible wait staf couldn t even seat us. Before we  and another party walked out without even being greeted properly   I observed several employees traipse out the front door  several tables who were waiting for their food for  a long time  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables   a morbidly obese hostes that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other.  I think one server was high. \n \n Going there was  a special request by  a  7 year old getting over  a long-ish illness  so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging. 
This place is  s  l  o w..like so slow  I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by  a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Boo. 
 I really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mes up  a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you wil get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanlines is fair. The staf is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. Al in al what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service. 
Fast food done right  what more can you want \n\nA throwback to old timey diners  steak and shake is where you get  a decent meal at  a good price. \n\nMy sisters and  I arrived on  a Tuesday afternoon around 3pm catching their 2-4 happy hour  which we read on the door upon entry;  a lovely surprise. This meant that al shakes and drinks were 50  off  \n\nI ordered the western BBQ burger  which was  2 thin patties  cheese  bacon  BBQ sauce  and fried onions. It came with shoe string fries  my favorite   al for the low price of  4.79. Are you kidding me   \n\nAl in all   3 meals and  3 shakes came to  20.  A steal. Also the food is good   I enjoyed it. I d come back. 
Fast food in  a resturant setting. Considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go. Must be  a reason why this place is always packed. 
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen  the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it s pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints. 
Food is good  what you d expect from Steak  n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal  even when it s slow. I ve been going here for years when  I want  a cheap meal  but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds. 
The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service.  I had  a bus to catch so  I couldn t wait around waiting for the check so  I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check  never checked to se if my drink needed refilled  she just mopped the floors. \n\nThe burger was really greasy  the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn t as flavorful as it should be. As  a new Pittsburgher I m not impressed. 
 I should have known better than to stop here  but  I was nursing  a hangover and just wanted something quick and simple.  I should kick myself for thinking of this place.\n\nGranted  I decided to go to the drive thru and knew there would be  a wait. The sign actually says that the food is prepared when you order it.  I sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared. During that time  I wished  I could have taken back my order and also wished that  I hadn t paid already. \n\nWhile sitting at the window  I decided to just stare inside and watch some of the employees doing their job. What disturbed me the most was watching the employe making the milkshakes. Making  a milkshake isn t that hard or glamorous of  a thing to watch. What disgusted me was that the guy actually lifted several of the containers for the milkshakes and smelt them.  I mean smelt them to se if they were clean  instead of actually taking the extra minute or two to clean the container. After witnessing this my food was finally ready and  I drove away.\n\nWhen  I finally got to eating my food  I was underwhelmed. The fries had no flavor and with the size of the cut it appears you get more than what you ordered. The \"steakburger\" really  they should just cal it  a burger  was overpowered by the BBQ sauce on it. It was al  I could taste.\n\nAl this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again. 
Burgers are not the best quality. Better than McDonald s but not much better. The fries are fairly thin  but crispy. They aren t bad. The prices are also quite decent. However  their shakes are amazing. Thick and creamy. It s also great that they have half of shakes on weekdays in the early morning like 1-3am. 
You know what you re getting with  a Steak  N Shake: it s about one rung up from  a McD s in quality  and about two rungs down in quickness. At least  you think you know. \n\nI used to have  a smal place in my heart  though the salt and fat weren t very kind to said organ  for Steak  N Shake  because hey  who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream  But after my last trip   I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here  this location in particular.  I haven t been back in over year  and  I wil never step foot into  a Steak  N Shake as long as  I have an immune system that  I care about. \n\nAfter having eaten here   I hit the restroom on my way out  along with my two friends..hey  we re girls  it s acceptable  . One stal was already taken  so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her..shal we say  business  After  a few seconds  we realize that she s not only there to relieve herself  but to also take drive-through orders. Yes  that s right..\"You want fries with that  *flush* Okay  that wil be  5.50\".  I have never  ever witnessed anything so insane as  a drive-through restroom. To top it off  after finishing her \"bathroom break\"  she walks straight out of the stal and into the restaurant.  I gues she was in to much of  a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn t have time to wash her hands. And  I was in to much of  a rush to choke back up what  I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach. 
 I love Steak  N Shake. This one  however  leaves  a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time  they re downright rude.  I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There s one on Route 51 that s worth the 15 minutes it l take you to get there. 
 I never thought that I d be giving Steak  n Shake  a  4 star review  but  I really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. It just hit the spot \n\nI was impressed by our waiter as soon as we walked through the door. He apologized for our very brief wait to be seated and for the fact that he was the only waiter working at that time. However  everything was delivered promptly  and he made what would ve been just  a tasty diner dinner into  a great experience.\n\nI ordered  a grilled cheese and fries. The grilled cheese was wel cooked and filled with tasty  perfectly melty cheese.  I love Steak  n Shake s thin and crispy fries  and these were as delicious as  I had expected.\n\nFor just  9 for me and my husband   I have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive Steak  n Shake was. Based on the cost  the food  and our fantastic waiter  we l be back soon. 
 I like the occasional steak and shake stop. but this one has to be the slowest one ever. The cashier was rude and  I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted. wow. just wow. 
Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit  a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere  just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour. 
Wow. Dirty and slow. The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled al over  and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order. 
This place teeters between  a  2 and  a  3 star review. I ve had pretty good experiences inside  it s usually the drive-thru where things fal  a part. \n\nIt s the rare place  I can get  a Frisco Melt well  the ONLY place  I can get  a Frisco Melt  and that steak burger alone is worth the risk  Walk In OR Drive Thru.\n\nJust take  a gun on Weekends  you l be fine. 
This location is terrible. The drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food.  I waited  5 minutes before being able to order  even when there was only  1 car ahead of me. Then the lady proceeded to ask me if  I would like anything on my burger  and  thinking the pictures on the menu are what they re supposed to look like and they would never false advertise   I asked \"doesn t it come with the fixings like in the picture \" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So  I then went on to tel her what  I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick  but later when  I open my burger its just meat and cheese. The meat is badly burned and cold. It was clear to me this burger was not fresh.  I didn t even attempt to eat it  what  a waste of  a place. They definitely need better workers. 
Steak  n Shake s food is pretty good and the prices aren t bad for the quantity of food.  I ordered  a grilled chicken salad with no dressing. The salad looked thrown together and was  5.49 for  2 croutons  tomatoes  carrots  cabbage  lettuce and chicken breast.  They forgot the cheese   The staf wasn t very friendly or helpful and seemed like they didn t want to be there. There usually is  a long wait at Steak  n Shake  but if you catch them when they aren t busy  you wil breeze through- drive-thru that is.  I do like their food and you can eat healthy options  but the staf isn t helpful and the quality isn t always there. 
Nice staf but apparently there is little manager oversight around 3:28am.\n\nI do like this place. It must be nice to work somewhere that allows you to choose your own tasks. Like smoking  sitting and texting. I m fine with cooking my food being fourth on the \"to do\" list because there is no where else togo really..\n\n   I think they wanted me to come inside because my girlfriend and  I are really really really good looking.\n\nThis was annoying but understandable. 
It s okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example  I order the chicken tenders  and  I got  3 little tiny tenders  and  a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either. This restaurant is not my number  1 choice. 
As far as I m concerned  Filene s Basement is good for two things: cheap dresses and cheap accessories.\r\n\r\nAs  a young performer   I need good-looking dresses for frequent auditions - and  I need  a couple  so I m not wearing the same thing every time. The dresses on the second floor usually range from  30-60 and are good for over  a year. It can be hard to find  a full-length dres that s not reminiscent of  a prom dress  but their selection of cocktail-length dresses is ample.\r\n\r\nAs far as accessories go  Filene s tends to have cheap versions of popular trends. If  I feel the need to stock my wardrobe with  a transient fad  Filene s is the place to go. 
Even when we didn t have  a car Filene s Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront.  I always find something  usually  I find 3-4 things and spend about  60  and better still   I am always stil wearing the clothes and shoes  3 months later. \n\nI kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it s much better than the usual department stores  better than Marshall s and TJ Max and better than the Saks downtown  even when it has  a sale. Selection  bargains AND quality.\n\nI like this Filene s better than Gabriel Brothers  which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are  a real discount shopper s challenge and I m afraid  I didn t live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills  .  .  . Filene s was stil up and running in June 2007 when  I left town. 
Love this store  Don t always have much luck with the sales  but  I always find something  I like here. This isn t your average Marshall s or TJ Max.  I think the green dres I m wearing is from Filene s  
This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh  for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing. Other stores carry the same stuf but for much  much more  and it s hard to find al the stuf that the Basement carries in one spot.  Yes   I admit that the  burgh has some cool stores.   I would do most of my clothes shopping here if  I were here more often. 
Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it.   
 9.75 for  a red bul and vodka  I m sorry   I thought  I was in Pittsburgh  not New York City. Sing Sing   a dueling piano bar  is fun  but it would be  a hel of  a lot more fun if  I could have more than one watered down drink before  I warbled my way through \"Paradise City\" with the rest of the crowd. 
Really enjoyed this  a lot more than  I thought  I would. The drinks were on the pricey side  but  I didn t head here to get smashed. 
Had  a great time at Sing Sing  a while ago with friends. Friendly staff. Wil return. 
Piano Man to the tune of Gangster s Paradise..what more do  I have to say  Get there early if you want  a seat   7 cover and really fun crowd. We had sucha great time and  I can t wait to go back. 
SingSing  What  a blast  One of my favorite places to jam on Earth  Cool bar  cool town  cool people. What else do you need  The piano players are great  funny  semi-good lookin .  I mean dude  you gotta go  :  Love me some SingSing  
Well  the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good. Thankfully  it  mostly  improved from there.\n\nSo there were  3 piano players rotating out on  a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and of for half. Of the 3  two were really good. Good singers  good piano players  and very funny. The third guy  well  not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range  he wasn t to bad actually  but to often he reached for notes that he couldn t get to or forced things that just weren t going to happen. Often his jokes fel completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.\n\nThey played  a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested  Closer by NIN as sung by  a lounge singer was  a highlight . We requested Britney Spears  Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it  a shot and as luck would have it  it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pul off. If they didn t know it  like Toxic  they d find it and play it. They played  a wide variety of stuff.\n\nPart of the experience is based on the crowd. We had  a couple larger groups  there on  a Thursday night  so smallish group in general  that they interacted with  a lot  providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course  that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.\n\nMy friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials.  1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitres wasn t great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn t that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.\n\nIf in the Waterfront for  a night out  definitely  a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through  a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having  a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go of the rails  a bit wil help make it more fun. 
While we were in Pittsburgh for the Winter Classic on New Years Day  we figured we d se what the area had to offer for NYE. My wife and I  along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up Sing Sing in Homestead. It s apparently located on what was the site of one of the largest steel mills in the area. When it closed they turned the entire site into  a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development. The only remaining artifacts from what once was  were the nine or so original mil smoke stacks stil standing at the primary entrance. Pretty cool.\n\nSing Sing  which is  a piano bar  is attached to the Rock Bottom Brewery and serves  a selection of RBB s in-house brews and shares  a similar menu. There are no TV s  no sports memorabilia  which is rare for this city   and no big booths for large groups. This place is al about being  a cabaret with the focus on the musicians. Mind you this isn t  a bad thing  just note that if you want  a bar  go next door or acros the street to Dave and Busters. I d say Sing Sing holds about 150 people seated.\n\nThis particular night they were hosting  a  shocker  NYE s party. For  40 bucks  a person you got  a choice of two entrees  beef tenderloin tips or lemon chicken   veggies  mashed potatoes  one fre drink coupon   a midnight champagne toast  and  what turned out to be over four hours of non-stop music. Again. Pretty Cool.\n\nThere were thre musicians holding down the fort playing more than just piano  drums  electric synth  bas guitar  and apparently  I missed the sax . There was plenty of crowd involvement. As in most piano bars you request songs along with  a tip. The larger the tip  the better chance of hearing your song you have.  I put thre requests on  a sheet with  a 10 and managed to get two played. Their rendition of Toto s Africa was fantastic and surprisingly  my curve bal got hit out of the park when one of the guys actually knew the tune and words to the Theme from TV s \"Growing Pains.\"  I was sold from that point on.\n\nI wil take this time to note that this is NOT  a family friendly joint. I m not sure if it was 21+ only but  I certainly wouldn t bring anyone to young to drive.  A good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.\n\nDrinks were stif and not horribly overpriced.  I think rail mixed drinks were  7.0 and beers were  6 or so  RB doesn t brew anything  I particularly enjoy so  I stuck with rum and cokes . Al and al my bil wasn t scary and I m not used to that on Dec 31st. Waitres staf was really nice and incredibly attentive. No complaints there. \n\nThe only down side to everything was group seating as you re sitting at 2-top cab tables. It was easily fixed though as the group next to us was up for rearranging tables from side to side to front to back  allowing us to talk and share food/booze etc   also  being  a tourist  we had no idea how hard it would be to get  a cab in Homestead. Understandably NYE has its issues with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hours for  a cab because  as we found out  Homestead is  a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drives. \n\nOoops \n\nAl and al  a good time and someplace I d certainly return to if for any reason I d be back in Pittsburgh. as long as  I have  a car. 
In my opinion  Sing Sing is really not worth it. It gets expensive because you drink  maybe start to sing  a few lyrics  drink some more  think of  a song you wanna hear  put  5 and title of said song on  a piece of paper  you drink  they play it  everyone else is trying to get their songs played so you put  10 on your next sticky note..and so on and so forth.  I wasn t really into it when  I first got there but as the night went on and lager went in  I started to warm up to the place.  I feel that if  I have to drink in order to have  a good time  it s not worth it. But again  that s just me.\n\nThe  2 stars are for the piano players  who are entertaining and very talented  and the Rock Bottom brews they serve. 
So.Much.Fun  \n\nI WISH  I could play  a song at the drop of  a hat. To bad  I never took piano lessons and I d probably end up mumbling half the lyrics other than the chorus. Unles it s Salt n  Pepa s Shoop. \n\nThis is  a really great place to go when you have out of town guests or are looking for  a fun place to take someone for  a birthday celebration or  a fun night out. It s just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bars on  a Saturday night. \n\nKeep in mind you l be paying around  a  5-10 cover plus whatever drinks and food you get. The good thing is the food is coming from the attached Rock Bottom Brewery. So  a lot of it is restaurant quality good. Plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good  OF course you wil be paying restaurant price drinks..so of course they re up charged  a bit. But you do pay for the whole experience..so you gotta get into the spirit with some spirits  \n\nThe guys who play are incredibly talented. There s  2 guys that wil take requests and play songs on the piano. They pretty much play ANYTHING you ask. Contemporary songs  throw back songs  fight songs  rap songs  pop songs. You name it  they play it. \n\nMy favorite part is when they switch out to another two guys. They l al four get on stage and play two piano s   a guitar and drums. They usually rock out with some fun familiar songs  um  Journey  of course  . \n\nThe birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you..and cal you some names..with expletives. But in  a totally nice way of course. You just have to go  
Dueling piano bars in Pittsburgh started at Station Square  and they died out. Then when the chain restaurant magnet \"waterfront\" opened in 20 the parent company of The Rock Bottom Breweries decided to open Sing Sing in back of The Brewery.\n\nWhen it first opened it was pretty cool. The very first house band could put on  a show that led to standing ovations.  I know   I was there. From Stairway to Heaven to Fre Bird  Stayin  Alive to She s My Cherry Pie  Elton John to the Boss  they were amazing at sounding like the bands they were covering. Equally incredible were the obscure songs that audience members would shout out  songs only you though you knew  and they would effortlessly sing  a good portion of the song  sounding like the band who s song they sung.\n\nBut today  Sing Sing seems like it s stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano  shout out  a song to stump the band  Sing us  a song you re the piano man has run it s course.  I don t hate Sing Sing  but  I could never come here more than once  a year. It s  a been there  done that kind of place. 
If you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh al night  go to Sing Sing :  If you send  a dollar up with  a song request  they wil play it. If they don t know it  they wil ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like  or they wil look up the lyrics and sing it  They aim to please :   I have definitely been pleased :  
Sing Sing is awesome  Give  a buck or more and they wil play anything  and if they don t know it  they wil search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person wil enjoy  :  Great humor too  :  
What  a great time  This place was awesome   I wish  I lived right down the road  because  I could se myself being  a regular here.\n\nHonestly  these guys have got some talent  like real talent. They can play the piano  sing  play guitar  and the drums. Did  I mention that they are al pretty hilarious  too. I d easily pay the  7 cover to get in here any day because it really is worth it. \n\nI am sure  I wil be back in no time at all. Next time   I am bringing  a big group of friends. 
Came here with  a group of girls and didn t have  a reservation. We paid the cover  walked in and it was absolutely packed. There was nowhere to even stand. One of our friends was having issues with an expired license and when we found out that not al of us got in  they let us get our  7 cover back without issue. \n\nI recently went with  a big group who had reserved about 50 seats. People who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staf was very helpful in dealing with the group. \n\nThey brew their own beer so do not expect to se any known brands. There are only about  6 beers on top  so if you are more of  a light beer drinker you might not be to happy with the beer choices. They also have mixed drinks and wine. The mixed drinks around about  9 and they have  a limited number of bottled wines  despite what it says on the menu . \n\nThe entertainment was great and  I would recommend it for  a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have  a reservation. 
This place has gone significantly down hill. I ve gone to Sing Sing about once  a year for the last  6 or  7 years. When we started going there you couldn t get  a seat unles you got there early. It was always packed. However  each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller. Crowd is an important component of  a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night  8/4/12  and there was about 20-30 people there. Very slow and boring. It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage  taking  a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be. This was likely my last time at Sing Sing. Save your  7 and skip this place.  A real shame because this place was once  a lot of fun. 
Had an absolute blast  Great for any crowd  any occasion  any age  Ashley the waitres was AMAZING 
Picture Billy Joel s \"Piano Man\" DOUBLED mixed with beer   a rowdy crowd  and comedy  - Welcome to Sing Sing   A unique musical experience found in Homestead.\n\nIf you re looking to grab  a bite to eat or  a beer  come on in  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery  Sing Sing keeps your tummy ful while you listen to two  or more  amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests. They l play anything you d like  for tips of course. Wanting to hear Britney Spears  Toto  Duran Duran  Yep  they play that. new or old.\n\nThe crowd makes the show  so make sure you come ready for  a good time. If the crowd is dead  it s harder for the Guys to get  a reaction. If you re wanting to have some fun  it can be  a GREAT time  It s the perfect place for Birthday parties  - especially if you want to embarras  a friend. The guys wil bring them up to the pianos and perform  a little ditty. For being  a good sport  you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker. Now who wouldn t want that \n\nDueling Pianos and brews. time to Shut Up    Sing Sing  
First time here tonight and  I must say  I wasn t sure if  I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but  I decided to go with friends and man did  I have  a blast. The  7 door charge was great figuring  u had music from  8 until probably  2 am    we left shortly after 1 . The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to  b desired as they  r  a micro brewery so  u can only get their crafts.  I asked for something similar to yeungling but what  I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We wil  b back and this may  b our new Pittsburgh hangout 
Went here for the first time this past weekend. Needles to say I l be returning  It was  a blast  \n\nIt was cheap to get in and since we got there  a bit earlier we got  a semi-good table. Though it was very annoying that people had reserved tables right up front and never showed up. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE   Everything if you ask me  Seriously though if you re going to reserve  a table  you better freaking go  \n\nI had no complaints about the place itself  The guys were hilarious and watching my brother get made fun of multiple times was just the cherry on top  And this has to be the only place I ve ever enjoyed being around people who were sloppy drunk  because the comedians take no prisoners  \n\nI did enjoy when Mat and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better  They are great at what they do. Can t wait to go back  
My friend is  a piano teacher  so  I took it as  a good sign that Sing Sing would be quality stuff. It was her birthday  and  I didn t really know anything about dueling piano bars.  I was picturing glossy black grand pianos with glittering notes  pianists in black jackets and crystal glasses ful of red wine.  I am really  really glad  I was wrong. \n\nIt was gritty  bawdy and quintessentially Pittsburgh. First off  the pianos are scuffed to hell  considering the number of tipsy people who sit on them nightly while being mildly humiliated. The musicians hammer away at them  and they re covered with N  and Sing Sing stickers. It s obvious they ve been well-loved. The music is anything but the elevator music  I was picturing; it s rock  hip-hop  oldies  pop  and just about any genre imaginable thanks to the request system  send up  a piece of paper with some money  and the amazing repertoire of the musicians. For instance  \"Rubber Ducky\" and \"Gangsta s Paradise\" were both featured when  I was there  and both performed impeccably. They also honored  a request for  a Taylor Swift song only to receive  30 and  a request for \"anything else \" which they promptly followed. The musicians also do funny versions of popular songs  and throw in things like \"yinz\" instead of \"you.\"\n\nI saw in awe of the performers for  a decent portion of the night. It must take  a particularly special type of person to put on  a show like this  considering the energy  confidence  wit  empathy  boldness  silliness  cleverness  and sheer talent  a job like this requires. They rotate performers in and out so there s not even an intermission. I ve read comments about the basenes of the humor  but  I had no doubt the guys up on stage were intelligent dudes. They had great personalities: one was about 140 pounds  cheeky  and quick-witted. He acted out every sport in the winter olympics  and was pretty into this 90-something-year-old lady in the audience called Joan. The other had crazy hair and bright blue Chucks  beatboxed as wel as he sang  and made it point to play  a handful of songs for my friend s birthday. \"I think Ray Charles is the most soulful guy of al time \" he said when she requested him.\n\nThere were tons of people celebrating birthdays  and one big bachelorette party the Saturday night  I was there. The performers bring the birthday boy/girl  bachelor/bachelorette  etc. on stage  for  a  20 tip  which is pretty easy to scrounge up among friends  and humiliate the hel out of them  i.e. this is not the place to be if you can t laugh at yourself. My friend had  a short dres on when she sat on the piano  and they sang  a three-minute song about her vagina.\n\nLuckily  the show eclipsed the bad service and overpriced  weak drinks  because those did feature heavily throughout the night. The rest of the staf was friendly  however  and  I stumbled on the door guy singing and dancing by himself  which made me smile.\n\nSing Sing is definitely not an every weekend type of thing  much like Hofbr\u00e4uhaus   but is  a splendid way to celebrate  a special occasion. Definitely belongs on every required Pittsburgh experiences list. 
Always  a good time  although it s definitely not  a place  I would visit often. It s great for groups..which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette parties and birthdays. \n\nShut out to the piano players  who can not only play the piano  but also sing  play the drums and the sax. They are funny and know how to keep  a crowd entertained. Also know some pretty obscure songs. \n\nMy big criticism is the set up. If you don t have  a reservation and/or come later in the evening  it s difficult to get seats. Believe me   I don t mind standing  but it does become  a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find  a seat  it is often littered with someone else s empty glasses. 
The musicians at this place work hard to entertain the crowd  so  I can t say they are al bad. However the minimum for  a song request is  5.  I spent  20 on  a song for my girlfriend and they NEVER played it  They were playing songs for  5 and  10  but my  40 got me no where. Even if they didn t know the song  which  I doubt  they could have picked one they knew and improvised  my tip  save your   on the requests.\n\nOtherwise it s fun for special events every once in awhile. 
 I went here with  a bachelorette party. We had reservations  which was good because it was packed that Saturday night. The performers were very talented  but the acoustics were strangely off. The theme that ran through the whole show was  to quote some phrases they kept repeating  \"you bitch  you slut  you whore\" and \"twinkle twinkle little slut  why don t you take it up the butt\" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage. You get the idea  Perhaps if  I had not been the designated driver  alcohol would have made these jokes funny the fifth  sixth  seventh time. Or maybe not. 
He was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized  a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get of stage because he didn t like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls. 
Pretty fun place to go every once in  a while  but  believe me  by the end of the night you l be ready to go. The show lasts around  5 hours  by the  3 hour mark you l be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your  9  a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again. 
My best friend took me to Sing Sing for my bachelor party.  I had  a blast. The musicians  dueling pianists  made fun of me in  a bunch of songs. They also were really good at playing requested tunes  rock . When the show was over we shuffled acros the hal to the connected \"Rock Bottom\" restaurant for some grub. We al had so much fun that we went back for my buddy s bachelor party.\n\nThere were some drawbacks though. We went on  a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are  a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it s not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday  if their drinks weren t so damn expensive maybe more people would show up. And sometimes they used vulgar language which was just unnecessary since they would have otherwise stil been hilarious. Also there was no table service  and the only bartender was  a bitch. I l probably be back  but only for  a special occasion when  I can afford it. 
 I brought my car here in 2006 for repair of  a scratched bumper. The damage was minimal  but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting. The staf were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with  a few choices to get the most bang for my buck. They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did  a great job.  A few weeks later   I noticed  a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.  I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done. 
 I was so pleased with the quality of customer service at this body shop  from the very first time  I took my car in for an estimate to  a couple months down the line when  I got my car repaired  they stil remembered me  . One thing  I really like is that they always pick up the phone. You wouldn t believe how annoying it is when businesses don t do this during normal busines hours. They re so personable and gave me an honest quote that  I couldn t turn down because it was the lowest in town  I checked out  5 places . They just really made this proces painles and smooth.  I believe it s  a family-run business  and boy does it show in their hospitality.\n\nFran and Jason were the ones that  I worked with - extremely knowledgeable and patient  especially with  a customer like me who wants to make sure al the paperwork is thorough and calculations are accurate. Joe DiIorio s  with an \"i\" not an \"l\"  Auto Body also works closely with Enterprise Car Rental down the street  so they came and picked me up. Those guys down there have  a great relationship with this body shop as wel and were really accommodating.\n\nOverall  the quality of their work is amazing.  I had  a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light  they ended up getting an OEM light instead of the aftermarket one because it didn t match  and get  a brand new bumper. They blended the paint for me  washed  waxed  and vacuumed my car  AND their work has  a lifetime guarantee. What can  I say other than give my highest recommendation and hope other Yelpers can find this helpful  as this is how  I found out about them. 
From my first phone cal to Joe Diliorio s   I was impressed. Every staf member  I spoke to was kind and eager to help.  I was treated like an important client even though my car needed only moderate repairs from  a low speed collision.  I was able to bring my car in right away for an assessment of the damage. Joe Dilorio s took care of everything from that point on. They dealt directly with my insurance company  ordered the parts  even getting new parts instead of the used ones my insurance company wrote the estimate for  at no cost to me   and gave me  a cal when al the parts came in.  I then brought my car back to them and they completed the repairs in  a timely fashion. When  I arrived to pick up my vehicle   I was pleasantly surprised to se that they had vacuumed  washed  and waxed my car  Most importantly  the repair work was absolutely top notch. They masterfully blended the paint to match older parts with newer repair parts. My car looks even better than before the wreck \n\nIf you don t want any hassle  want to be treated with respect  and want your car looking fantastic  give these guys  a call \n\n-Adam 
Joe Dilorio s Auto Body Shop was so helpful when  I needed to get windows replaced. The were able to give me  a lower quote then competing auto body shops in the area. They were also incredibly friendly and  a pleasure to do busines with. I m planning on taking my car here for al future auto needs. 
This is the best place we ve ever taken our cars to. Their customer service is outstanding. It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail.  I also like that they don t over charge.  I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible. 
This place is amazing   I needed my car repaired after an accident and the guys here were so helpful. They set me up with  a rental car as soon as  I dropped my car off  repaired my car in  a timely manner  detailed it for free  and their customer service was unbelievable   I can t recommend this place more  
I m grateful to my insurance company for recommending Di Iorio s Auto Body Shop. After an accident   I needed some body work done as soon as possible. The other recommended shops wouldn t even make an appointment to se me for days. These guys fit me in that afternoon  and coordinated the rental too. Everyone  I worked with was courteous and pleasant  and the work was done more quickly than expected. Moreover  they found ways to help save on the expense. The car came out looking better than before the accident -  a few days later   I noticed they had buffed out some scratches that weren t even part of the repair area.  I wil definitely be back next time  I need auto repairs. 
 I usually have nothing but good things to say about this place. I ve dealt with Fran and others and have had very good experiences. However  this time was very different.  I called to find out how much they might charge to instal some brakes and rotors that  I had   i was reffered to Mark  the mechanic.  I made the appointment with him for Tuesday Sept 30th  he quoted me between  179  -  20 for the work  though the first person  I spoke to quoted  150- 179  and told me to bring it at 8am and it would be finished the same day.when  I brought it on Tuesday  Septempber 30th at  8 am  Mark forgets that  i even made the appointment with him  or didnt bother to make  a note of it  saying  \"oh   I thought you were supposed to bring this by yesterday\". He says  I should expect this to probably be done before 3pm. \n\nI soon recieve  a cal from Mark at 10:25am  where he tells me the charge wil actually be  240  for four hours of labor  +  13 worth of materials  before even getting started to se how long the job would actually take  and that the car would be ready by 3pm  if not possibly before that. Also for good measure he decides to randomly throw in  \"oh  and we don t take checks\". \n\nThe next phone cal is at 3:50pm to ask if  i actually need to have the car back today   I tel Mark  \"yes  of course\".  I was expecting to be ready by 3  if not before like he said  When  I expres that  I definitely need it today  he says that he just has to finish this one side and it wil be ready by 415. This leaves me with barely enough time to get  a bus and get over there before they close at 430. Honestly if what he had to finish on my car could easily be completed between 3:50 and 4:15   i dont think he would bother asking if  i stil needed to have it that day. As  a result  I feel that he may have rushed something while putting my car back together  because now something feels slightly of with the feeling of how the cars is aligned or the way the car drifts at times. 
SO lucky to be referred to Joe DiIorio s after moving to Pittsburgh. It s really invaluable to have \"car guys\" that you trust.  I could detail several experiences here  in comparison to other chain shops   but suffice it to say that they ve always been honest  helpful  and fair. 
Typical  but new. \n\nYou se al of the people that are walking in and out and   I must say  the customers look like they work for  a living hear.  I swear one of the guys was covered head to toe in soot. That is amazing. \n\nRan around the store looking for those few items that  I needed to satisfy my need to build and create. Minimal help from the smal quantities of employees  but some of them actually asked if  I needed help - after  I had found the item. 
  Nope  but that s fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways.\n2. Does the name on account match name on check  Nope  but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies.\n3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen    
Would like to give NO STARS. bought al new kitchen appliances there. Refrigerator is defective. They\nsend an outside company to repair. Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer. not once  twice. The first time  he tries to use my spoon from counter to instal it   I complain  to bad..they have to comeTHRE times before replacing it  NEVER AGAIN. 
Your typical area big box hardware store. It s convenient to go to because of the proximity to other stores and how close it is to so many communities.\n\nCan t really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it s  a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with  a single associate. 
This local Lowe s serves its purpose for my husband and me -  a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two.  I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store.  I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe s stores  but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall  their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe s. 
Waterfront Lowe s beats Monroeville Lowe s for lawn and garden. Hate to admit it  but it s true. 
Excellent wings and sandwiches  generally good food otherwise  and fair prices- nice casual place. The service can be  a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times. 
The food here can actually be  a little hit and miss  but  I love the grilled cheese club with fries.  I get it way to much. People make fun of me.\n\nThey have  a ten dollar minimum for credit cards  fyi. 
3.5 rounding down. Its been  a while since JB and  I ate here and  I would consider going back but we just haven t gotten around to it. The beer selection looked great but the first  3 beers that  I wanted \"hadn t come in yet\"  they were in the middle of expanding their offerings  this really bothers me..if you don t have the product  don t put it on the menu .\n\nIts not necessarily vegetarian friendly   I got  a pizza and it was good  not fantastic  only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its  a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but  I wouldn t recommend going out of your way. 
Great atmosphere and even better people--wait staf was very friendly and the French Onion soup was amazing..Definetly recommend the home made chips..\n\nGreat Bar in the up and coming Homestead area..Highly recommend 
We re always looking for non-chain restaurants by the Waterfront  they do exist..   and this has become  a favorite. I ve had the Hot Roast Beef    Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye  and both were delicious. Every beer I ve had here has been ice cold  and the service has been strong too. It s  a great place to watch  a Pirates game too. 
Stopped by on  a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind of Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area    big screen    upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good  - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries  - amazingly good  Home made chips  w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wal repairs    was grossed out by toilet brush/holder on  a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it s  a fun place in warmer months. 
Awesome wings and pubgrub  Great beer selection and fun bartenders. 
This place is overrated.  A friend and  I were looking forward to  a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There s nothing wrong with this place  I just don t understand the clout around it. There should be no clout. 
There s lots of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place  but the food was average at best. We were there on  a Pens Playof night and there were  2 people working al the tables in both rooms. Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that. Our orders were somewhat mixed up. The potato skins used  a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted  a slice of pizza  which is definitely the best thing they offer. The crust was delicious and homemade. If you are going to order something   I would go with the pizza. We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good  also. If you are looking for good food  Homestead better choices at Blue Dust or Tin Front. 
Before today  I probably would have given this place thre stars based mostly on their beer selection; however  today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for  a pizza sub  French onion soup  fries  and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and  a half in we finally got the smal pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders  ie  no hot sauce . We were told by the waitres that she realized it was wrong  but decided to stil bring it out to se if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By  a half hour later  we stil had not received the buffalo chicken tenders  nor the French onion soup  which should have been mostly made already   and no fries. We were told the chef was new  but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy ap or beers on the house. To boot  the beer was pretty expensive.  I wil probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection  but it won t be for  a while. The food has always been average at best  and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75  of our order. 
I m reading on here that the food is really hit or miss. I ve only gone to Duke s one time  but the food was good. It wasn t to busy so our service was very attentive and it didn t take long to get our food at all.\n\nThe place is separated between  a bar area and  a more family style dining area. We sat in the dining area because the bar area was pretty full. The dining room area definitely fills up with an older  have lived in Pittsburgh al their lives crowd  while the younger crowd is in the bar area. \n\nI l definitely be back since  I live in the area. 
Duke..the owner..is the man. He s  a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh. He looks like he l beat you up but he s  a softy with  a big heart. Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends..he l hook you up. He s also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups. Ask him for  a tour of the old Eat  n Park next door..I believe his intention is stil to turn it into an incubator of sorts. Fortunately  the bar is close enough to the waterfront that it s just far enough out of the ghetto..the crowd is certainly decent. Definitely have some beers on the porch in the summer..especially in the rain  lower level is covered . Very relaxing atmosphere.  I wish my company was located in the area so we could frequent Dukes more steadily  we re on the north side . Stil worth the drive to feel at home  have  a good bite and some cold beers. 
I ve been to Duke s thre times now. When  I first came to PGH   a lot of locals were telling me that this was  a good place to catch  a game  drink some brews and get great food. Most of that is true  but the bad has mostly outweighed the good.\n\nThey have an excellent new tap system. Last time  I went  they had Thirsty Dog Leghumpper on draft  and it was perfect. The system really elevates already awesome beer. Plus  the selection is awesome. \n\nIt is  a sports-themed bar  so you can expect drunk locals  loud TV s and plenty of yelling. I m sort of into that  so it doesn t bother me  although  I do think their staf is not wel equipped enough to work among the chaos. Service is often slow  and they give the waitresses ZERO training in the beers that they offer. This is not  a good place for trying something new  as they can t tel you  a thing about it. \n\nThe biggest downfal of Duke s  though  is the food. I ve had thre different  but equally simple  dishes there;  A Burger   a Cheesesteak and Chicken Tenders. The first was flavorles and cold. The second was passable  but nothing special. And the last were absolutely awful. Honestly  the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill   I had to cal it an early night.  I ate two of the  7 tenders  SEVEN   and had to quit. \nTheir fries are very good. And so are the wings.\n\nI d say Duke s is  a good place to drink  but that s about it. 
Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What  I want from  a neighborhood bar is  a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football  hockey  baseball. 
One of my favorite local eateries. The mild    wild sauce is my absolute favorite   I wish  I could purchase it.  I am not  a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great    reminds me of  a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint  I would have if any is the craft beer is  a little on the pricey side  as usual in most local bars. Friendly service  wil continue to frequent with my family. 
GREAT PLACE FOR  A BIRTHDAY PARTY  \n\nA FAMILY GATHERING  \n\nA WORK RETIREMENT PARTY  \n\nOR EVEN  A DOUBLE-DATE \n\nA combination watering hole  great place to eat and great entertainment for adults  Adult games \n\nThe Homestead  Pittsburgh  location of Dave    Busters is just one of the almost 50 locations acros the country  - from New York to Florida to California  -  - from Canada to Mexico. \n\nThe Dave    Busters idea was conceived in Little Rock  Arkansas back in the 1970s. Two different businesses  one  a popular watering hole    one  a game    entertainment business  were right next door to each other. The two young owners were friends and quickly realized that combining their businesses made perfect sense. So they opened the first combined  D     B in  .  .  .  . no  not Little Rock  but Dallas  To this day there are no  D    B s in Little Rock. Not sure what is up with that  But lots of other cities have been the beneficiaries of these two friends combining their businesses.\n\nThe one in Pittsburgh is the only one  I have ever been to.   Shucks  Probably not. Not  a Marin County scene  for sure. \n\nWHAT  A BLAST IT WAS THOUGH   I mis going to  D    B. They have al the classics  like billiards    shuffleboard  plus over 20 interactive    video games.  A rechargable Power Card provides an easy way to acces al the games. \n\nPOWER HOUR is game HAPPY HOUR  -  - an entire hour of classic and video games for just ten bucks. \n\nA GREAT BAR  WONDERFUL FOOD AND SERVICE   A RELAXING AND FUN WAY to spend  a Friday or Saturday evening. You l never want to leave. Meet your friends here  grab  a beer and  a burger or steak and hit the games. \n\nTime wil just evaporate  .  .  .  . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl  your best friend or even your boss  \n\nDAVE    BUSTERS  LOTS OF PARKING  LOTS OF FUN \n\nFUN  FUN  FUN  FUN  FUN  FUN   .  .  .  . BRING ON THE BEER  
D B is nice once in  a while but the food is insanely unhealthy. They are also really clever about designing the psychological context in ways to extract money from their customers. You feel  a bit milked afterwards. Also much fatter.\n\nYou pay for games using credits from mag-stripe cards. This lets D B give their games arbitrary prices and makes it harder for you to really know how much you are spending. Menus for drinks and food have no prices.  6.05 for  a Banana Split cocktail   3.40 for  a Michelob   I have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the prices is clever because they can price their things and not have to obey pricing psychology  like anchors and so forth .\n\nWaitstaf hassle you repeatedly to order desserts. Oh  and the dining room has plastic demos dessert trays to get that thought going in your mind as you walk to your table.\n\nThe games are al violent shooters or racing games don t appear to have changed much since 2002 when  I last went to D B in California. Hope they can find more innovative arcade games in the future.\n\nNot  a pleasant experience  but at least it s different from going to an ordinary restaurant. 
This was actually the first time I ve ever been to  a Dave and Buster s.\n\nWalking into such  a huge space  especially coming from the often narrow venues in San Francisco was strange.\n\nUn-nerving actually. \n\nBecause Dave and Buster s is al about excess. Almost obscenely so.\n\nAs far as food  - their stuf is standard. Most of it is fried and as another reviewer pointed out  - not very healthy. At al actually. You have to really scour the menu to find some somewhat decent viable and nutritious options.\n\nBut most people don t come to Dave    Buster s for food. They come for the games.\n\nAnd while I ve never been that into video games or arcade games  - my brother and sister always have.  I was apprehensive about having  a good time here  - but after awhile  - my siblings  enthusiasm about the place became contagious and  I found myself really enjoying myself.\n\nEspecially once  i realized that  I have mad skills at Ske Ball. And proceeded to dominate.\n\nTrust. 
Think Chuck E. Cheese for adults. Ske Ball  video games pool tables. Clean environment. Good fun.\n\nUnfortunately   I went for  a bite to eat and it was impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu.  I ended up settling for spinach dip. Sadly  they topped the dip of with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for  a few seconds. Blahh. Trying to get something healthy   I ordered the apple pecan salad.  I swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle.  I could barely eat the salad. To sweet.\n\nMy mom ordered  a steak roll..holy friedness  The steak was more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that was fried AGAIN  Yowzer  Artery clogger for sure. \n\nI like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area. Perhaps next time we l just stop by for drinks instead. 
 I love the games here but can t go very often since they don t rotate new games in very often. The place is usually pretty clean.\n\nPool tables often have  a wait on the weekend but are some of the better ones you l find in the city.\n\nFood is just \"ok\" Drink prices are fair but not great. 
Dave and Buster s is an enigma  is it dining   a bar  or playground for video game lovers  Let me get the bar part out of the way first  it s overpriced  and they try to get you to buy  a glas to jack up your bill. \n\nNext  the food. Just like al the chain places at the Waterfront  there are sandwiches  burgers  yes they have  a blue cheese burger  who doesn t   pasta  salads  chicken fingers  yadda yadda. \n\nThe games   I swear over thre quarters of the games have been there since 20 when the place opened.  I gues in ten years no new games have hit the scene.\n\nOveral Dave and buster s is unique to the Waterfront  but it s time to update the menu  update the games  and get into the second decade of the 21st century. 
Because  I have significantly younger sisters   I go to Dave and Busters about twice  a year. It s fun for them and nostalgic for me. It can get expensive and the  prizes  are cheap but it make for great \"sister days\" \n\nAs for the food  we ve eaten there once and never again. It s just blah. frozen and fried. The veggie burger was put on there as an afterthought just so they could say they offer it.  A frozen Boca patty thrown on  a bun. Thanks   I could have ran to Costco for that. Drinks are rather expensive but that s to be expected. \n\nSo go for the games  fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and  a bite to eat  skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street . 
The food was absolutely gross   I ordered  a turkey club which comes on  a wheat bun with avocado  bacon  and turkey breast. What  I got was TOTALLY different from the picture  First of al the sandwich was on sliced bread  lame   There was no avocado   1 slice of bacon  no lettuce  and to TOP it of instead of turkey breast they used freaking LUNCH MEAT  lol No  not the kind that you get from the deli  the other sweaty nasty looking stuff  Gross  \n\nOur waitres was awful but they were extremely understaffed so  I would have  a bit of an attitude if  I had to wait 10 tables without assistance too. \n\nThe manager was really nice. Of course that disgusting sandwich that  I didn t eat was free. 
The usual fun center.\n\nYou can play games using  a play card which you purchase there. Game prices can be confusing-  -  - 2.3  5.7  9.9 credits  etc.\n\nThe arcade can be fun if you bring some friends. \n\nAlmost every game is  a ticket game and there are few innovative or exciting game choices.\n\nI didn t eat there  so  I can t rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters. 
We came here on  a Saturday night and luckily it wasn t as packed as  I thought it would be.  I love playing ticket games so luckily there were  a lot of games to chose from and not many video games  sorry video game lovers   We only played  20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile.  I love their new Wheel of Fortune game  On our first play  we ended up winning  a little over 70 tickets  They also have Fruit Ninja as  a game. It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don t win as many tickets as you would hope.  I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D B s I ve been to  where you feed  a counting machine your tickets. At this place  they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count. We didn t try the food here and instead went to P.F. Chang s to eat before coming here  but the Eat    Play deal looked fun. To bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day. Overal  I had  a blast here and definitely would come back. Hopefully next time when there is  a deal or promotion. 
 A table for 16 please. That is what  I had to ask for and knew that D B could accomodate.\n\nI happen to be in the Homestead area for work.  I really wanted to dig into my Yelp bag of tricks provided by local Yelpers and introduce my team to the \"Shock and Awe\" they deserved but . the shear numbers would made it hard.\n\nWhen  I started thinking about how we would have  a manageable lunch  - The only idea  I could come up with was the Golden Corral  -  I knew that was not going to work for me.\n\nWe decided to do something local and walking distance  - D B was it.\n\nIt is what you expect  - quiet for lunch video games and  a bar nearby but  I had to forgo any festivities  - it was  a work lunch.  I was pleased they had  a under 60 calorie menu.  I am trying to maintain  a normal diet due to my stretchy pants being out of style and not wanting to look like  a character out of Family Guy.\n\nThe waitres was very friendly and organized.  I ordered the Cabo style Chicken  - Chicken Breast lightly seasoned and char-grilled  topped with pineapple pico de gallo and served with spicy rice and steamed fresh vegetables.\n\nIt was eh. The chicken was cooked but the pineapple pico de gallo was bland. The rice was bland. The vegetables were cold.  I really blame it on the fact  I was with 15 compatriots for lunch so  I am giving it  a fair rating. Everything was edible.\n\nMy team went with deep fried foods and burgers. They seemed pleased.\n\nService  - very good\nFood  - okay  not great. My meal was  13\nAmbiance  - wel it was clean but there were not really any people in D B\n\nThere are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hil  -  I suggest you use Yelp to find you  a better one  then come back and play  ;-     
Not much of  a review for this one  but just  a few tidbits of info..\n\nPool  on Friday/Saturday  is  14 per hour\n I m pretty sure its  10 through the week \n\nMixed drinks are way to pricey for the location.\nThe food is crap.\n\nThe games are fun and the pool tables are nice  they re the big tournament style/size  not the shitty bar-room  tiny pool tables .\n\nThat is all. : \n\n the pricing is based on my recent trip.\nWe shot pool for  a few hours   I had  a bar tab  that wasn t out of control  and my night ended up costing me  60 
 I love Dave and Busters  It is  a great place to go when you are wanting to have  a great time with  a great group of friends. If you find you and your friends bored on  a Friday or Saturday night  come to D B and win some prizes  It is pricey though  so bring some major moolah 
Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win.  I highly suggest if you want to plays games  go Wednesday when al the games are half off. Food is pretty good and  a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey. 
  Everywhere you look  there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult  but apparently no one was honoring that at 6PM on  a Saturday.  I couldn t even walk through the place without someone shoving me. AHH \nI get that Dave and Buster s is an arcade and that you re going there to play some games  maybe eat  and kil some time. When  I last went there  a few years ago  we there for my bachelor party  and while I m sure we got into some shenanigans   I don t remember children running wild there. We were having adult beverages  playing games  and having  a good time. This time  it was ridiculous. It isn t Chuck E. Cheese  yet that s how parents seem to be treating the place.\nOn top of that  the customer service sucked. The place is gigantic  with tables and serving areas everywhere  yet on  a Saturday at 6PM  the hostes told us  after interrupting us thre times to chat with the other hostess  told us it would be  a thre hour wait  despite the fact that there were empty tables al over the dining room.  I suspect this is  a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you re table is ready  but the food at Dave and Buster s is not worth  a thre hour wait on any day.\nThe hostes told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table  so we attempted that. Most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at  a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. Next   i engaged in the most rudest thing I ve ever done-  I began stalking tables where people were finishing up.  I would walk up to people paying their check  ask if  I could have their table when they were done  and they would inform me that there were already two or thre people who asked them and  I should get in line.\nFinally  we found  a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. It wasn t because we ordered  a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. He seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks  until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. After that  he seemed to come around  a lot less. \nI had the build your own chicken tacos  which comes on  a giant plate with al kinds of fixings. The fixings were fresh  but the chicken was cold and dry  and the tortillas were dried out as well. For  14  it wasn t worth it. \nAfter dinner we proceeded to play games  which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything. \nAl in all   I didn t like my experience at Dave and Busters.  I remembered it being  a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between al the kids and the crappy service  can t recommend this place. If anyone asks me to go back   I may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with  a fork. 
Not  a cheap night out you wil end up spending money here. But it is busy fun entertaining and  a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great  i also played pool and the arcade games. 
My friend and  I both had Friday of so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up  a bar on Thursday night. We settled on Dave and Busters.  I went on Facebook and printed of  a coupon for buy  20 get  20 in play fre  we split the card  it took us about 1.5-2 hours to get through \n\nThe games weren t *quite* as fun as  I remembered  but it was stil  a good time. The place was far from crowded  and when  a machine was out of tickets  it took us  a good deal of time to find someone to assist us. When we did  the team at D B could not have been more accommodating. To apologize for our wait they swiped us in for several games as wel as gave us  a handful of tokens for the game we were playing. \n\nI think  a lot of companies  I m looking at you  American Airlines  could learn  a lot from D B. It cost them virtually nothing to swipe us in for games  but it made our experience so much better.\n\nDrinks are half-price after  8 or 9  my Tropical Mojito was awesome  My friend and  I are definitely planning on going back on  a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks. 
Dave and Buster s has to be split up into separate experiences to rate it. \n\nDining:  2 stars\n\nI had  a party of 20 coming in;  I had called ahead of time  and arrived early. They immediately set up the table while about  4 of my friends and  I waited; the hostess  after taking my name  never spoke to us again. She did not tel us when we could sit  how long it would be  or any other information. And then they made us wait for 75  of our party to show up before they would seat us. Mind you  there was no one else waiting  and the table was ready  and we were ready to order. But they didn t tel us this;  I didn t even know why we were being forced to wait until  I heard  a supervisor whispering to the waitres about making us wait.  I stil have no idea why we were forced to wait. \n\nWhen my ful party was finally seated  we were helped by two waiters who were perfectly polite and nice. BUT  our service was rather haphazard. People would order drinks and food  and get things at wildly different times. One person was done eating appetizers and drinks when another was just getting their first drink.  I know there was chaos to  a big party  but it got  a little out of hand.\n\nThe food is pretty standard American chain food  comparable to Appleby s and Chili s  - not offensive  but nothing to knock your socks off. It has  a decent selection  and  a few good desserts and appetizers  and everything was competently prepared. Overall  it is  a fine enough meal for  a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable prices  but some of the service standards are poor. In the future we wil probably eat at one of the other restaurants in the area and then move over to D B s for games.\n\nBar:  1 Star\n\nDrinks are predictably expensive  but there is  a wide variety. The problem is that about half of them don t even kind of resemble what is on the menu  and most don t have enough alcohol to even taste. Worse yet  while you can get  a drink at the bar in the arcade  the staf is either completely non-interactive or just rude. You have to track them down  and then have  a minimum of interaction before they stomp of like you ruined their life.\n\nArcade:  4 Stars\n\nThere are  a lot of great games here to play  and many that are fun with groups or pairs. It is  a great place for  a large party  because you can mingle with al your friends playing many different very fun games. If you are  a couple  there are also many great selections that everyone enjoys. The staf on the floor is helpful and fast to fix games that have problems  and are typically polite. The ticket prizes are cheap as expected  but kind of fun  and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.\n\n\nOverall:  3 Stars\n\nIf you want to hang out here   I would suggest eating somewhere else  and then playing games and having fun here  but only order beer at the bar and don t expect  a smile. 
Chuckie Cheese for grown ups..Yeah  that could sum up my review for sure  but I l try to make it  a bit more interesting than that .\n\nFirst let me say that this isn t my first trip to  a Dave    Buster s. Second   I actually experience al of it while here. We wil start with the food/service. Staff  you were wonderful. You were polite  you greeted us as soon as we walked in the door  gave us no qualms while ordering and were swift with your delivery. Food  you were not wonderful.  I ordered the BBQ chicken breasts. This came with  a side of broccoli and their type of mashed potatoes. The chicken was  a bit dry and in some places you can tel it was left on the gril  a little to long. There were actually some bites that al  I could taste was charred meat. There wasn t enough BBQ sauce on the the chicken either. The broccoli appeared to have been cooked prior and then thrown back into  a pan to be seared. Some of my broccoli actually had some burnt crisp areas on it. Also  I noticed that there were stil some leaves left on the broccoli. The mashed potatoes  I wanted to like  which  I hoped would be the best part of the dish  I m  a bit of  a potato freak   but alas   I was let down. *sad face* They were cold and such  a tiny portion. With  a tiny amount of shredded cheese and bacon but into that divot they made with the scoop to get it out of it s container. Oh food  how if  I didn t need you to survive   I wouldn t complain about you.\n\nThe building right now is in disarray. They are in the midst of  a remodel with lovely plastic curtains covering up certain sections of their dining area. No bar out in the dining area right now and the pool tables were absent as well. If you wanted  a drink you had to go back into the game room.\n\nSpeaking of the game room  by far the best part. With the meal  I ordered  I got the  20 play card  the best part of the meal  super charge it for  3 more and it s even better . The game room you can tel is in need of an update. The carpet is worn and other signs of wear are noticeable as well. One good thing is the games. They change them up so often that there is always something new once you return. Who knew that playing Connect  4 could be so fun  or for that matter Ske Bal rises to the top of my list to play.\n\nI wil return again  but only after  I eat elsewhere first. 
Not really sure what to add. So I l bullet point my experience.\n\n- Expensive poorly made drinks\n- Friendly but slow service\n- Ok food considering  Had the Philly Steak and Cheese \n- Over run with kids before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision\n- 15  of the games were out of order  Air Hockey  Big Bbal Game  1/2 of the ske ball  random other arcade machines \n- Expensive games\n- Fun time overal with the wife. 
Mediocre service. COLD food  Our food waited so long the lettuce    pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade.  1 beer per hour maximum. Avoid at al costs. Fair manager. 
Not being from the area   I traveled an hour to come here from Uniontown  PA.  I was excited   I haven t been to this Dave and Buster s since  I was younger and was ready to go back and play me some games   I went with my cousins  mind you  we hadn t ate al day and were very hungry. So  we decided to do the Eat    Play Combo  naturally. Here s where it gets bad. First of all  we get  a very snobby hostes that shows us to our table. Then  we wait..and wait..and finally after about 25 mins we get  a waitress. Her name was Ashley. We had plenty of time to decide what we wanted  so we quickly put our order in. Next  we were sitting and talking  waiting  we had empty glasses and our waitres had never even come around to se if we needed refills except for one time. She said she d come back right away with our refills..yea  right. 20 mins later we get our refills. Mind you  our food stil hasn t came yet.  I se other people getting their food that had come in after us.  I was frustrated. After waiting 45 mins for our food   I asked to speak with  a manager. One of the servers who  I asked replied rudely with \"Well  he s really busy right now.  I doubt he l be able to come out and talk to you\". Finally  15 mins later..that s one hour  folks. We get our food.   Yep  the food was cold.  I was completely fed up at this point  and told my waitres how disappointed  I was  especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service. The manager never came to speak with me  and we didn t even receive our meals for free. The only compensation we got were  10 game cards. Woopty-doo. The only thing good about this place is the games  but the prizes you get for your tickets are al junk and worthless. So  in conclusion..I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE WATERFRONT DAVE AND BUSTERS OF HOMESTEAD  PA. It was horrible  and  I wil not be returning for  a very long time  
This place just plain sucks\nBad management lost them biz\nDumb arcade drama*\n\n* they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having  a guardian over 30 years old 
 i had fun here. fun big kid games for me  \nO. But the bartender Melissa was  a SUPER bitch and RUDE \nHope they fire her. 
First time at Dave    Buster s and although  I didn t go for the games   I was slightly disappointed.  I went with  a group of girls for dinner and drinks. The service was slow but the food was decent. The portions were huge but they are priced slightly higher than the average chain. \n\nWe went before  9 pm and there were  a ton of kids there on  a Friday night.  I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9. 
DAVE    BUSTERS  It s  a nice place to eat  have fun and drink  Al ages can enjoy this place.  I was so EXCITED to hear them announce that after 10p  al children whether accompanied by  a guardian or not had to go  It made for  a nice evening for adults only. \n\nEverytime we go whether we play or not we enjoy ourselves.  I didn t give it FOUR STARS because every time I ve went  I haven t been able to eat in the restaurant area of there.  I know  I stil get the same food that everyone else does wherever you sit. Sometimes   I like the nice relaxing atmosphere of the restaurant.  I haven t as of yet  been seated there. \n\nNot to mention that the servers around the bar  are  a little slow at responding to customers as well. So al in all  D B s is  a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment. Just don t expect to be seated in the restaurant portion  and expect to wait awhile for food service in the bar area. 
Was impressed by the new menu and new decor. Our waitres was nice  knowledgeable and attentive. However  the rest of the staf was les than stellar. There was  a power outage  les than one minute  while we were paying games  sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened . My family and  I were playing  a trivia game--we lost about ten dollars of credits and al our bonus tickets when the power resumed. The games were down for about 20 mins after the outage and staf was not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the games would be working again. After the outage  two people in our groups could not get their power cards to work. When we asked staf for assistance they just brushed us of and said we must have been out of credits. Kinda  a bummer we lost so much money on  malfunction  game play tonight. 
Visiting from Toronto   I was really impressed  The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 20 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here  that s awesome considering I d win at most 10 tickets with the smallest prize costing 10 tickets. The food is great  the place is clean and the games don t feel greasy or nasty from al the food. 
 A fun place and lots to do but  a bit pricy.  20.0 wil buy you  a hundred points which wil last you  a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game  bal racing car game and connect  4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of  4 
Visited the Dave and Busters in Homestead  PA last night. Waitres mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already to  - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitres never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit  - not even  a refill. After spending over  30 plus games  we wil never go back.   HORRIBLE service 
 I love it  Love it  
My boyfriend and  I are in our 20s  and have visited this D B multiple times. After our visit yesterday  however   I don t think we l be back. When we arrived we were greeted by  a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were  2 extremely slow workers trying to do this  then one left while the line was stil out the door  The girl that was left was more than incompetent  and was taking extremely long to fil these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needles to say  the line in the game room was just as long  and they stil only had one girl in the booth. It was  a Saturday  After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get  a beer.  2 bartenders on staf while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash  and the bathrooms: repulsive   I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit  and not only did both bathrooms  I used have no toilet paper in them  but there was TP al over the floors  and the sinks were les than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better  as it smelled like pe and the paper towel dispenser didn t work. Al  I have to say is get your crap together. We could se  a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be  and I m  I have no doubt it s due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staf better on weekends. It s  a shame how quickly this place has gone down hil and we wil NOT be returning anytime soon  
Most of the games were out of order and  I had to find one of those refere looking people to fix  2 of them that took some of our credits. Apathetic service staf al around  the Peanut and  I were really disappointed. Won t be back. 
ehh  3.5 -  I can t rate it super low because  i do smile  a lot during my visits. Speaking of that  I ve been here  a few times  but never wrote  a review for D B. \n\nI m  a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the games. However  there have been multiple instances where  I swiped my game card    it took my credits  but no game began. There have also been times that  I won and no tickets were released.  I gues nothing is perfect but it does happen atleast once  a visit  each scenerio  It s hard to find  a worker walking around and for half-price games  you kind of just take your los with the 1.3 credits for ske bal  hmph  \n\nThe food- it really isnt anything to fancy. I ve had okay food  but super long wait times for  a simple chicken fingers    fries for example. It s your basic sandwiches  salads  appetizers     a few pastas.  I believe al sandwiches    burgers are around  10    served with fries. You can get the Eat    Play deal which includes food from  a specific menu  +  a game card. Besides the game card deal  if you wanted to make D B  a date night you might be better of heading to another place to eat in Waterfront for amazing food. but to each their own. Try it once  I suppose. The brownie sundae that  i devoured last night was satisfying  2 brownies   2 scoops of ice cream. one with chocolate syrup; the other with raspberry sauce    fresh strawberries. Oh    whip cream \n\nDrinks- pretty weak. We ordered  2 liquid maryjanes  2 each that is  which are filled with multiple shots of alchy    didn t really catch  a buzz. Oh well. They do have  a happy hour from 5-7pm. I d go during that time for the best deal.  I believe cocktails are half of     3 of bottles of wine. I ve never seen anyone walking around with  a wine glas though lol. \n\nThe prizes- as others have noted  the prizes are  a little cheap for the amount of tickets they \"cost\" However  it s cool to leave with  a D B coffe mug  cup or shot glass. Last night for 250 tickets we decided on magnetic-style dart board  1 300    a coffe mug   a D B glas  our plastic one bit the dust      a D B coffe travel mug.  I might be missing  a few odds    ends.\n\nOveral it s  a fun time but can be pricey. It s best to head here Wednesday for half price games or get the Eat    Play deal while dining. \n\nI can t lie though   I find myself smiling ear to ear  a few times within those  3 hours  woah  seemed longer than amount of time :D    Speaking of which  in that time-frame we played 250 credits  cost=  40  but it was half-price games. 
Dave    Busters is  a great experience if you set your expectations realistically and carefully choose when you attend.\n\nThe main squeeze and  I always 1  use  a survey receipt for buy  10 get  10 in fre gameplay or 2  Attend on  a Wednesday during the day  flexible work schedules . We d never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food. And we only drink cheap drafts OR drink cocktails during happy hour.\n\nYour visit is largely determined by time of day  expectations and whether or not you eat their food. If you come on  a Friday night  the lines wil be long. You l pay  150 for the two of you to eat  drink and play for  3 hours and you l be left with  a very sour taste in your mouth.\n\nThe staf is really excellent; any issue with  a game not paying out tickets results in immediate help and extra tickets or  a swipe for  a different game from an employee. \n\nNote the \"drinks are weak\" reviews. Also notice it was people buying shots and ordering multiple drinks per person. That s typical white trash behavior. Bartenders here are savvy; they mirror the behavior of the guests. Al of our drinks have been consistently strong and wel put together because we re courteous and tip well.  I have witnessed bartenders bypas tattooed  loud guests and addres me and take my order first. This is rational  logical behavior. \n\nAlso note the \"prize center games suck\" comments. You re supposed to stack tickets over multiple visits and use them on  a big prize. Like life  delaying gratification nets you bigger returns. Every other visit I ve seen someone walk out with  a video game system  Wii  Xbox360 and even  a few Xbox One s . \n\nThe thing about Dave    Busters is the crowd changes depending on day of week and time of day. Sunday afternoon it s al families and Friday and Saturday night it s al drunk 20 somethings. The atmosphere changes and that s why the reviews are al over the place.\n\nThis review is based on 8ish months of 1-3/monthly visits. Most visits are  5 stars  some are  4 stars.\n\nUsing survey receipts for Buy Ten Get Ten  avoiding Wednesday  Friday or Saturday evenings  and Sunday afternoon  families  and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply  you l have  a great experience for  25-40/person.\n\nI really enjoy the staf too  they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley  gave us info on possibly hosting  a party there. 
To keep it short and sweet: Save yourself  100. Buy  a good board game  your alcohol of choice  order  a pizza  and invite your friends over. \n\n  Yes. If you re looking for  a good atmosphere to go with friends to play games   I suppose  I would advise you give it  a shot.  I would never recommend their food  customer service  or drinks. Save yourself the money and stay home  or go for  a traditional bowling  figure skating  roller-blading  rock climbing  basically any other physically-entertaining themed date instead. 
 I stil love this place   I spent my 36th birthday at D B s and it was  a wise decision   i had so much fun  and so did my guest   I got  a very attentive serving staff  and met up with many helpful servers   I believe that service has improved  so  I bumped this restuarant up to  4 stars  No five stars yet  because I ve stil as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it  It s stil worth the visit  and is  a lot of fun for  a reasonable price  
There is good food  but  a great spot to enjoy  a few drinks    watch sports on the big screens. It s great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for  a first date if you like to have  a good fun    feel relaxed 
My wife and  I went here around 10pm on  a Saturday night. The food was not spectacular  about the same quality that you d get at an Applebee s or some place similar - good but not great. My steak was tough  but my wife enjoyed hers. Staf was relatively unorganized  we ate at  a table next to the bar   and had to wait awhile for  a server. Food was prompt. 
After having  a few  les than memorable  trips to D B in years past  my wife and  I decided to go back for  a Pittsburgh Happy Hour Anniversary party this past Thursday. Pgh Happy Hour is  a facebook group of friends that like to check out new  watering holes  every thursday and it s run by  a guy that seems to party 24/7 while stil holding down  a very lucrative ful time job. \n\nAnyway- Pgh H was celebrating an anniversary and chose D B for the location. The D B staf set up the back  pool room  with complimentary  enormous spread of appetizers with dips and kept refilling them when they got low. Our server  Carla  was very attentive and friendly- making sure we were aware of the specials and checking back often when our glasses got to the half way point. The other server back there was working equally as hard but  I never got the chance to get her name. \n\nI had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for  a past employer and remember very similar service but  I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event. 
Ok  Let me tel you about my bad experience first.  I went to D B last night for  a post wedding party  - which  side note  is  a great idea \n\nIt was around midnight and the bar wasn t really populated. There were thre bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to se if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. \n\nI stood there for about  5 minutes  which for  a busy bar is fine but when  I am the only one with my card out then  it just seems  a little ridiculous.  I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her  a smile and she literally turned away.  I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn t ask if  i need anything.  I finally said  \"Are you working \" and they gave each other  a weird look.  I felt like  i was the crazy one.  I asked for  a beer/got the beer.\n\nIn between that time  the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took  a fry from the plate  right in front of me  and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell   I felt like  i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks  - not an established D B. \n\nI was just really turned of from that experience. \n\nThe good is that D B provides  a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up.  I remember going here with my grandparents when  I was  a kid and it was the best treat ever  We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. \n\nIt s  a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards  I held for it. 
Its fun  but much smaller than some of the others I ve visited. Its clean  staf is friendly and its  a good way to waste time before  a movie. They do have good food. Gets  a  3 stars because  I get bored easily at this location. 
 I used to love D B when it first opened in the Waterfront  but it has gone down hil over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes  a whole heck of  a lot of tickets for you to even get  a pencil  The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people  Now  it is run down and many of the games are ap related games  Fruit Ninja  and 3D Experience rides. With such \"games\"  you can t even earn tickets and they take  a lot of tokens  Last time  I went  back in the winter  many of the games were broken  which made for  a negative player experience.  I would go to D B to play some games again in the future  but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets. 
 I was here on 10/3 and  I have to say this was  a horrible experience. Me and  a friend went here to eat and play  a couple games afterwards. It took the waitres at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not se her again. We ordered and got our drinks and wel let s just say we didn t se the waitres again until she was giving us our check  some manager delivered the food to the table . No refil on my beverage  no how is your food  no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered. Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people   I wil not be back again to eat. 
I l have  a biased opinion of any place like this.   The one thing  I can think of is the price. On the surface  this is  a pretty expensive place; however  they give  a bunch of good deals depending on the time you go  whether or not you \"donate\" money to the Make-a-Wish Foundation  and if you re lucky when you take  a spin on the wheel of prizes  But honestly  know what the deals are before you go to make sure to get the best price available. \nIn regards to the games  there s  a plethora for your enjoyment. Although it is nice to play games that spit out tickets  the last couple of times I ve gone I ve gotten  2 hours of arcade games for  a very cheap price  Mario Kart  anyone   . Either way  it s  a really fun place that you l most certainly have  a good time at. 
First off  let me say that  I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don t care or seem to be angry and hate their job.  A friend and  I went here and found that  a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staf went out of their way to make sure we had  a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staf member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I ve had been to  
My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so al the kids could play games after we al had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. Al of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though  everything was below average. They have  a huge selection of games for the kids to play  but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced. 
Rock Bottom Brewery in Homestead is always  a good time. They brew their own semi-micro brew here and generally have as many as eight brews to chose from. Saturday night  C and  I stopped by to have  a little dinner and enjoy some of their frosty beverages. \n\nOur first issue of the night was getting to Rock Bottom. As the restaurant is located in Homestead   a trip acros the Hi Level Bridge was in order. Little did we realize that the bridge was under construction and it took nearly 40 minutes to get acros it. Upon arriving at the restaurant we were presented with the task of finding  a place to park which proved to be  a daunting task. This place was absolutely packed due to several locations sharing  a parking lot. After we got inside  our wait was about 45 minutes but luckily we were able to find  a seat inside the packed bar while we waited.\n\nThe food at Rock Bottom is quite tasty  but it is al pretty standard bar fare with the nachos and burgers leading their menu. They also have entrees such as steaks  but this place is not exactly known for their high clas food products.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and we quickly determined that this would not be your average plate of nachos in  a bar.\n\nOur order consisted of  a plethora of items from their appetizer menu including Chicken Nachos  Quesadillas and Bal Park Pretzels. We had planned on splitting  a meal for dinner  but by the time the appetizers arrived  we knew we had way to much food in front of us. \n\nThe nachos were on  a gigantic plate and piled high with cheese  sour cream  guacamole and shredded chicken. Containing just the right amount of jalapenos they had  a nice little kick as well. In much the same way  the quesadilla was much more than an appetizer portion. With shredded meats and cheeses overflowing from the tortilla  there was enough food here for  a two person entree. The Bal Park Pretzels are the reason we come to this place. They are always so light and soft with just the right amount of salt.\n\nAs far as the beers are concerned   I ordered up the sampler so that  I could get  a taste of the various brews. They make  a wide assortment of brews  from the Bud Lightesque \"Lumpy Dog\" to  a dark \"Brew masters Choice.\"  I found many of the beers to be quite tasty  however  nothing exactly special about them.  I would be that  a taste test would find one hard pressed to chose the Rock Bottom brew over any of the shelf six pack. Don t get me wrong  - stil excellent brews  but  I would expect more from  a place that claims to be  a brewery.\n\nI give it  3 out of  5 Rinsem s due to the lack of originality in the brews and the amount of traffic involved with getting in and out of the place. 
Horrible beer  horrible service  horrible menu 
SUMMARY:\nIf  I was in the area and no one had  a better suggestion for where to go   I might come back for beer and appetizers.\n\nGOOD:\n- Decent beer..\n- Original pretzel appetizer. You take chunks of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip.\n- Huge portions. Most of us had leftovers. The RB Appetizer Sampler was multi-story and way more food that we could handle. The half order of ribs looked like  a ful rack.\n- Attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills.\n- Amusing name.\n\nBAD:\n- Lots of food choices. burgers. steak. chicken. salads. Lots of drink choices. beers. wines. mixed drinks.  I gues this could be seen as good  but it takes  a while for everyone to pick something and since no one s awesome at everything  you could tel right away that nothing distinguishes this place.\n- None of the food was super awesome. Nothing was awful  but nothing stood out in any way. I ve had better beer  appetizers  and  a better main course at plenty of breweries.\n- Kind of dead on  a Monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.\n\nCome if you want bar food  but keep your expectations low. 
 I am  a big fan of Rock Bottom.\nThere are several dishes that are MONEY.\nAppetizer: Seared Ahi  Spinach Artichoke Dip\nEntre  : Fire Steak  Pub Tips or Chicken Fried Chicken.\nDesert  : Carrot Cake  to die for \nBar food: Pizza or bal park pretzels. Both of which are sprayed with brown ale. \nHalf the menu is really good  the other half is great. \nThe beer is good. Ask for the sampler  They usually have  a velvet and something on cask. Ask for one of those if you are looking for something different. They wil also have  a scotch ale  an IPA  whiskey stout or other specialty depending on the mood of the brewer  which  if its stil Matt  the mood is GRUMPY . If Andy is stil working there  he is sure to please and Molly is great in the cocktail area.\nHead over to Sing Sing after dinner and its  a wrap.\nI used to work there several years ago and  I make it  a point to hit every RB  I possibly can.\nDon t go to the one in Charlotte though  its not really  a Rock Bottom. 
 I thought this place was pretty decent. My friend and  I were both stil reeling from thanksgiving dinner so we ordered salads. and they were HUGE. and tasty.  I liked my salad though it was slathered in way to much dressing. My friend s was even more slathered so she didn t dig it to much. We d also ordered chips with guacamole  the guac was pretty good. my friend enjoyed her beer.  I enjoyed my coke  I know  I m lame .\n\nso yeah. wasn t bad  wasnt the best  but it was okay. 
Microbrewed beers are only  a plus to me when they re better than the beer  I would have drank otherwise. One waitres  I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as \"kind of like Coors Light\". If  I wanted Coors  I l pay half as much and have one. \n\nThe food is actually  a saving grace  as it was pretty good. Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks  though. 
Not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.\n\nI like the food and  I have tried al the beers. They re just \"OK\" as far as beer goes.\n\nLarge portions. Friendly staff. 
My friends got everyhing from steak they didn t even get  a wel done steak right  to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it  a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and  I had ordered meal that came with  a desert  Really dissapointing al around. 
everytime  i come here  i stick with the nachos ad chicken ad side of guac and i ve never been dissappointed.  i sit in the bar  grab  a drink or  2 and eat those nachos. the bar has  a pool table and plenty of flatscreens. rock bottom is  a chain but it s one of the better chains in the area. i l pas on chili s or friday s and come to rock bottom instead. oh and typically  i walk over to target  - work of some of those nachos. 
Nobody has reviewed this in  a while  but  I am surprised at the lack of lovin   My husband and  I ate here  a few nights ago and we liked it  a lot.\n\nWe started with drinks--he got the house-brewed Portland Wheat and said it was quite  a good beer  and  I got  a mixed drink  Red Rock  that was also tasty. \n\nHe got  a burger covered in mozzarella cheese and  I got  a mahi sandwich. Both great--the fries and side salads are good here too  and there is no skimping on portions of anything. There were tons of things on the menu that I m looking forward to trying.\n\nWe are usually not dessert people at al but ended the meal sharing  a triple chocolate stout cheesecake--who can resist  a beer cheesecake  come on \n\nOur food and service was great. They had the Penguins game on al the TVs in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game. Seriously  what s not to like   I m thinking this place has changed for the better since the last review  a year ago. :  
This is literally the first place  I went when  I first came to Pittsburgh  - and  I loved it. Hearty  full-sized meals  lots to choose from  and not to crowded or noisy. Although  for the sake of ful disclosure   I didn t sit at the bar and  I don t drink alcohol so  I can t comment on that.  I go back to Pittsburgh often and Rock Bottom ends up being  a good standby for  a dinner and  a movie kind of night. Really   I have no complaints about this place so I m surprised by the few low ratings here. 
Little slow on the service and didn t have the beer  I wanted on the menu. But you get those things when they brew their own beers on-site. But the stadium pretzels are good. The cream stout is tasty.\n\nThe burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries. I m not  a fan of the skinny fry  but hey the burgers would choke  a horse  - and almost did. :o  
Lately  the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagof IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I ve ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food.  I wil never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla of the menu. That said   I ordered the lobster rol and when it arrived  the bread was as hard as  a brick and cold. The filling was okay  but the lobster flavor was masked by over spicing.  I suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the Rock Bottom. 
Pretty good  Excellent beer sampler  - bargain  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac  n cheese was delicious  - crunchy on the outside  creamy on the inside. Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious. 
First off   I wil say that  I just moved here from California and was  a big patron at the Rockbottom in Long Beach.  I came to the Homestead location last night eager to se the beer at this location.\n\nNow  Rockbottom is  a chain brewery  so  a lot was the same. the menu  the food prices  yet beer is cheaper  and  I am fine with that .  I have always found their food to be pricey  but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so  I am fine with that. The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location  so  I have no problem with the chef at all.\n\nService was good  our waitres was very friendly and helpful.  I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was stil going  but that isn t  a big thing. Went to the bar to get  a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender s attention  but he was very friendly and  I got  a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned  I had just moved here.  I really enjoyed that.\n\nBeer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list. and  well.  I found the dark beers  a bit lacking in comparison. The light beer and the wheat were amazing  very impressed. The pale was ok  as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night. but both were way to citrusy. The Uppity IPA was very good.  I don t usually like IPAs because the hops overpowers al flavor but the brewer had  a good balance. Still  couldn t do  a whole glass.  I felt the Imperial Stout had  a bitter burned taste that was overpowering.  I almost want to say the batch had to much chocolate malt in it  not ice cream malt  for the non-homebrewers . The brown and amber were decent  but bland.  I ended up getting an actual glas of the light beer and was able to finish it al without forcing it. one point up on Long Beach  who had  a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glas was empty.\n\nI REALLY wanted to try the Das Gut Dopplebock  but they were out. Looks like they wil have it in bottles to go soon so  I hope  I can catch that. Also want to try the Snow Moon Belgian.\n\nVerdict: While  I was not to impressed with the dark beers   I found the lighter ones very good and  I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is  a good hour drive south to get there  so  I won t be going to often  but  I wil be back. 
Even since Rock Bottom opened  7 years ago     I have always thought it was  a dance club.  I am not really sure why but  I thought it was along the same line as  throw back  Hi-Tops but  I did.  I think  I always thought this place was  a club because of the behemoth size of the space. \n\nWel  I was out with  a friend and we needed  a place to go before  a show at the Improv and Rock Bottom was close. \n\nPart of this is my fault..I always order \"healthy\" items at places that specialize is greasy bar food..then  I am upset when the meal isn t  5 star. \n\nI started of with one of their wheat beers  it was alright.  I nursed it al through dinner so  I don t think  I was head over heels in love with it.  I got the Catch of the Day  Of the Hook  Fish Dish  Sailors Delight or something I forget it had some cheesy fish themed name . It was cod  meh  that should have been the sign not to get it  with roasted asparagus and lemon rice. The fish was suppose to be broiled but it had  a thick breading  annoyed  and the portion of fish was tiny. The rice and asparagus were great though. \n\nMy friend got  a chicken sandwich which he enjoyed although the fries were pathetic. The fries were probably pre-cut frozen fries or just very poorly executed. They were so thin that you have to grab  a huge handful just to get any actual potato flavor.\n\nPros:  A lot of tables  no wait   brew special beers  big menu  could hear the dueling piano bar next door\n\nCons: Place was fairly empty and we got  a crappy table by the door when it was  5 degrees outside  most of the food was fried  cheese filled  cream based  or wrapped in bacon.  I know some people love to eat food like this al the time   I do every once in awhile  but if you eat out  a lot you can t always get the spin dip  burger  and ice cream sundae.  I would love to but its just not in my cards .  I do like like when causal places offer some healthy options. 
Went with  a group after work for dinner and  a brew. We ordered  a few appetizers first. The wings are good and the soft pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip was fun. Had  a burger  you can create your own from veggie  turkey  or fresh ground beef. Had  a fresh ground beef and the meat was fresh and cooked perfectly with  a fresh bun.\n\nThe brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn t busier. 
Here s the trick to enjoying  a meal at Rock Bottom: don t get fancy with your food order. Stick with the sandwiches  salads  burgers  and bar food; and you l be OK. I ve had bad experience wil al the fish dishes  including the fish and chips . Also  I ve found the service is generally better in the bar area than the dinner area. Join the Mug Club  even if you don t go often  and rack up points for fre mugs and beers. Thursdays are Trivia Nights and the DJ is playing the music loud  so go if you don t really want to have  a conversation with the person you re with :  
Beer selection was good  but they were out of the ones we wanted.  4 of the  6 people in our group ordered steaks al of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was  a good addition. Defiantly  a place  I would go again. Joe  our server  was awesome and super friendly. 
 I love this place  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time  I go  
Rock Bottom is  a nice hangout place. Often when you are out and about with friends you arrive home with no voice from screaming over al of the background noise. Great if your out to se  a band  but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you. \n\n\nDepending on your mood you can sit in the dining area ful of booths and tables. It s alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for  a semi quiet dining area. The bar area gives you  a choice of sitting at the surrounding tables with waitres service or hanging out at the bar itself. Complete with  a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brews cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender. When the weather cooperates the outdoor patio houses about  6 tables for outdoor dining. The view however..not so picturesque  just the entrance to the Improv. Which hey  that could be the perfect seat if you re stocking the local comics  \n\n\nThe bar area contains pools tables and dart boards to try your skills. On any give night sports fans can enjoy the games of the day on one of the  6 big screen TVs surrounding the bar area. \n\nThe menu is pretty decent with burgers that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak    veggie or chicken. They have  a number of specialty burgers with different cheeses  toppings and creative themes. The bourbonzolla is  a tasty burger with  a Bourbon based glaze and Gorgonzola cheese. Appetizers which range from nachos to firecracker shrimp. Steaks  pasta and salads with rotating specials from different areas of the menu. \n\nOn Monday the burgers are half off..I don t think you have to be  a member of their mug club to get the special. However  if you are here regularly the mug club is great with fre gifts and specials. \n\n \n\nNeedles to say  I have  a fun beer glas collection thanks to Rock Bottom..LOL  \n\nNow everyone favorite part about Rock Bottom s Beers  \nThe in house brew master keeps it interesting with  a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorites of Ale  IPA s  Rotating Darks and Kolsch. \n\nStop by on Thursday nights for  a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in  a game of intelligence and drinking skills  
We ve al had this happen to us  - you go past  a place one hundred times and never go on. Then  once you finally do  you realize how many opportunities you wasted \n\nRock Bottom is definitely  a solid bar. As  a microbrewery  their beer list is ful of house brews. There are better beers in the world  but there are  a lot of worse beers out there  too. \n\nWhat really makes Rock Bottom standout  though  is the food. My girlfriend and  I shared an order of nachos  and it took everything we had to finish them. They also make  a mean soft pretzel. \n\nThe Waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in Pittsburgh  but no trip to the Waterfront  is complete without  a bite and  a drink at Rock Bottom. 
 I would have to say I m pretty partial to Rock Bottom   I have been going almost every Thursday for the past  3 years because of the fantastic \"Team Trivia\". My friends and  I love the atmosphere  the DJ  Todd   and the service that we get at Rock Bottom. \n\nEvery week when we go  a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it  except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have  a special treat with something new  \n\nAs an avid Rock Bottomer  hands down  I have never in my life had  a better spicy spinach cheese dip than  I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether  I have eaten dinner or not before  I come down to the restaurant  my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Bal park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is  a meal itself  The mixture of onions  cheese  spinach and tomatoes is perfection  \n\nAnother favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza  it has  a great kick to it and it s big enough for two people. \n\nThe service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed  a great relationship with some of the wait staff. \n\nA truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people  \n\nCome to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm  
Rock Bottom on Thursday nights is the place to be. Team Trivia starts at 8pm and it is fre to play. The DJ  Todd  is great. \n\nThe food is good  but the Bal Park Pretzels with Spicy Spinach Cheese dip is the best. The wait staf is generally pleasant and on top of things   a few servers are excellent.  I am not  a beer drinking so  I haven t tried the microbrews but the mixed drinks I ve had have been good and  a few of thier specials perfect. \n\nOn nights that are not trivia nights  Rock Bottom is quiet and  a good place for  a smal to medium party. Larger parties wil usually be split into two tables. \n\nOverall  an enjoyable place at which  I am  a regular. 
So  I have not been to one of these in awhile since  I normally have an aversion to chain restaurants  but since  I was with colleagues on travel for work and they chose this place  I went along. \n\nFirst surprise: decent beer.  I remembered the normal RB Brewery beers were not much to write home about but they had  a couple of new styles  including  a very good imperial IPA that for  5/glas cannot be beat. Second surprise: pretty tasty food with  a lot more healthy options than  I expected. Recommend the summer salad and the ahi tuna  - both were great. \n\nService was  a little slow  not sure why  so  a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. I l be back next time I m in Pittsburgh for work. 
The beer is good. Their light beer  Lumpy Dog  is very good- doesn t taste like  a light beer. When  I was pregnant  I became quite  a fan of their root beer floats  too.\n\nAs others have noted  the pretzels are really good. I m not  a fan of the spinach dip but my husband likes it. Veggie burgers are always good  too  though the staf sometimes seems confused when you order  say  the bourbonzola burger with  a veggie burger. Long  long ago  when  I used to go to the Rock Bottom in Boston  there was  a hot mushroom  / sundried tomato  / cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic. if they resurrect that  I wil gladly ad another star  
 I always feel like  I am constantly bashing breweries for their food  but in my opinion   I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer  and slack of on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let s be honest  when you go to  a brewery  you want the ful experience. If it was only about the beer  I d go buy  a growler and take it home. \n\nSo  about the beer..EXCELLENT  The Jagof IPA is with out  a doubt one of the best IPAs  I have ever had  They only  I can think of that  I think is better is Dogfish Head  but that s  a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing  and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can t go wrong  there s bound to be  a beer everyone wil like. \n\nAs for the food..it s pretty much  a crap shoot. Sometimes it s good  sometimes it s terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it s perfect  then maybe it s cold  or it s burned  or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately  it seems there is zero attention to food quality. \n\nThat s pretty much it. This place fixes it s food consistency  and it s  a five star place. Til then  it s hit or miss  
 I was SO ready to like this place  Turns out  not so much. It was okay. No better than TGIFridays  but better than Eat  n Park  The deets.\n\nThe hubster and  I were here on  a Saturday evening after  a show at the Improv so we were happy and in  a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats. We ordered drinks. He  a wheat beer of their brewing  me my fave Bloody Mary with Absolut Peppar. The hubster deemed the beer acceptable  but wouldn t go out of his way to come back just for another one..yes  he DID order another one \"just to be sure.\" My Bloody sucked. Watered down tomato juice with no discernible Peppar of any kind  let alone any other seasonings. Even  a good standard mix would have been better. Our very efficient and friendly waitres took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender. Nope  no better at all. That went back and  I went with  a you-can t-screw-it-up Amaretto sour. It was fine.\n\nHub ordered  a Reuben  - why  I l never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented Gazebo in Shadyside. You younguns wouldn t have  a clue of the establishment of which  I speak. He said this one was \"fine.\"  I had the Texas Fire steak with jalapeno butter which  I enjoyed very much  Packed  a punch of heat and flavor  but the sides were uninspired. Steamed veggies. Any flavor was steamed out in the proces  - eh. Cheddar mashed potatoes  - there was cheddar in there  No way \n\nThe tab was reasonable  - we DID have  a Living Social deal that took  30 off  so our check was for  12 and change  not including tip. Not bad  even with the  15 cost of the LS Deal   but had we paid ful price  it wouldn t have been worth the experience. We l hit the Improv again  - we have before  - but  we l head somewhere else afterwards. 
 I must admit   I do like the brews.  I also like the white cheddar mash potatoes. Other than that  meh. The food is pretty forgettable. Another \"brewery\" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department. With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave  you may want to kick it up  a notch Rock Bottom. But how would anyone know to  It s  a chain. Whomp whomp  
For  a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at  7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes    sauerkraut then  a sausage platter with sweet mustard gues they have not been to Germany. Not worth  5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was  15.95. 
Dined in twice  food ok  atmosphere good. 
I ve always been pleasantly surprised with the food I ve gotten at Rock Bottom.  I say \"surprised  because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of  a \"chain\"  you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds. But I ve really had  a lot of good meals at Rock Bottom. Now  granted  you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are  a \"bar-straunt\" if you will   and don t get anything above and beyond this place s cal of duty. For instance   I wil never be ordering the ahi tuna. I l leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants  a bit closer to the water  the Mon doesn t count.. .\n\nBut besides that   I always really enjoy my meal choices. I ve recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich. Chicken was grilled perfectly  plenty of avocado  and it was  a good sized sandwich without being excessive. I ve also ordered the Margherita pizza  which could definitely be split between two people. It s an eight cut that comes to you on  a big wooden pizza paddle. The pizza was really great. The crust was crispy  it had  a good balance of cheese and tomatoes  and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty. And not greasy whatsoever  - BIG bonus points there. But my biggest surprise as of late was when  I ordered their chicken flautas. I m  a HUGE Mexican food fan and always hesitate to order Mexican outside of  a Mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed. But  I had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it. It was DELICIOUS. The flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch  and they stil managed to not dry out the inner ingredients. The accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  I was so happy \n\nI ve always been quite happy with the service there as well.  I go on Thursday evenings for trivia  and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on. The ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive. Only once or twice  to my memory  has my service been sub-par  and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed Trivia Night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.\n\nI definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh  yummy  and worth coming back for more. 
 I went to Rock Bottom this past weekend  and it was \"nice\" to se that nothing has changed in the year or two since my last visit. While the beer is pretty good  it has never outweighed the fact that the service isn t good and the food is average  at best.\n\nIt was even difficult to get beers at the bar..we tried to have the girls order  thinking they d have better luck..when that failed  the men tried..that didn t work either. If we hadn t REALLY wanted  a cold beer after  a comedy show at The Improv  we would ve just left. It definitely wasn t busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender  so  I can t overlook it. Of course  the service has always been spotty at Rock Bottom  so it was hardly surprising.\n\nCombine the weak food and poor service with Rock Bottom being to far from home for  a night out just to drink  and you get the exact formula that s kept me from going there in the past..and wil keep me from going often in the future. 
Happy hour at Rock Bottom   2 thumbs up  Good prices  the pizza is delicious  drinks are  a few dollars of the regular price  good service  and the atmosphere is always casual and fun. 
The only reason Rock Bottom gets  3 stars is because of the brews. Food was \"eh\"  not many vegetarian options and hostesses who wil ignore you because they are to busy chatting about who didn t text them back. This place has the potential to be great  but sadly  it falls way to short in almost al areas. 
Watch the fat girls in here. They wil try to steal your buddys chair in  a sec if he goes to the bathroom    then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w/ in ear shot. Everything else including the burger    beers  I devoured was excellent. 
Rock Bottom was our first stop on  a 17 mile pub crawl. As expected  the bar was lively  the food was good  and the service was accommodating  The beers are better than Church Brew Works and the bar was populated. The bartender readily offered  a taste of beer and gave us  a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl. \nI vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works. 
 I haven t been to Rock Bottom in years. Maybe even decades..is that even possible  Well  either way  it s been awhile. So with my gift certificate  I took my brother out for  a birthday dinner. \n\nAs  I get older  my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower. As  a result   I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night. Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.\n\nWhen we arrived  the bar side was already pretty packed but we were stil able to get  a table. Our server was very attentive  friendly and helpful. Right of the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try al of their beers. We loved the fact that as she approached our table with  a ful tray of samples our server said  \"I have to go back for the rest.\" In al we were served 10 different beers each  in  3 oz glasses  maybe  4  -  I can never tell .  I gotta say  Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than  I didn t  and very few were not to my liking. So the  6.95 10 beer sampler was wel worth it. \n\nDuring our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Eg Rolls. They were okay  but not quite what  I expected. The spicy ranch was top notch  though. As we ran out of beer  we each ordered up  a Kobe Burger. They were both cooked exactly to our liking  medium . And to top of our wonderful evening  the Pirates brought home  a win \n\nMy only complaint  as  a beer drinker  is the cost for  a growler. The glas container itself is sold for  12.95. That s the empty price. To me  that s  a little ridiculous when East End only charges  3 for the bottle and Pen Brewery  5. Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me. So  I walked out empty handed. But it won t deter me from returning. 
 I just came here with some friends to hang out and get some appetizer  and  I have to admit that  I was pretty satisfied with what we got. Though  I couldn t find any fried pickles or onion rings on the apps section  there were some blue cheese nachos that really hit the spot. The atmosphere of this seems pretty cool  especially in the pub area. 
Fish tacos were excellent  Great brewed beers on tap as well  
 I very much enjoyed my first visit here.  I got the Turkey Meatloaf and it was really tasty. It s more sausage than turkey. The cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. The star of the night was the appetizer  the artichoke and crab dip. It was awesome. My only complaint was  I ordered  a Red Ale and they were out.  I had the Curmudgeon instead and it was very good  but still. 
Slow service\nBelow average food \nIl pas 
First time  I was here  I had chicken quesadilla s and they were bad. We went again last weekend.  I had the chicken avacod sandwich. It was very good. No fat in the chicken. Just  a mes to eat  but stil awesome. Also had the chocolate stout cupcake  it was amazing. 
Thanks to the staf here\nFor being so friendly and\nCool with our whole mess*\n\n*rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned us 
Its not bad. I m not into chain kind of places  but if you re with  a group that doesn t do anything more adventurous  you l do fine here.  I vacillated between  2 and  3 stars but the house beer  I had wil make sure  I come back from time to time. 
Went to Rock Bottom for lunch the other day and was very pleased. My coworker had printed out  a coupon for  a fre mini appetizer. The waitres told us that they were not making mini appetizers and gave us  a ful sized chicken quesadilla. If you have ever had the southwestern eg rolls from Chili s  - the filling tasted like that and  I am  a big fan  \n\nMondays are half of burger days and  I tried the just hot enough burger  - topped with crispy jalapenos  pepper jack cheese  pico de gallo and housemade habanero ketchup. It was delish  The ketchup was so good and the fries were extremely crispy. \n\nThe prices are  a little steep for lunch but if you go on Monday  it s totally worth it.  I think that the quality of food more than makes up for it but don t expect for pay under  10 for  a sit down. \n\nI felt that the staf was very nice and the waitres was very attentive. The service was quick and  I think you can get in and out in under an hour. 
Rock Bottom is  a chain brew pub one that  in my opinion  is just \"OK\". The restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and  a pool table. They have many of their own brews that you can sample but to tel you the truth none of them are that good.  I have had several of their beers and al of them have been forgettable. \n\nTheir food is pretty much like their beers  forgettable.  I have had one of their burgers and their pizza and they really weren t anything to write home about.\n\nI feel they wil impres those who have never been to  a brew pub but  I would probably describe them as the Chili s of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for  a burger and  a beer it might be  a good choice for  a bite  or at least until the Burgatory opens  
Went here last night to meet folks for  a friend s birthday party. Docking one star due to  a few unfortunate things that happened  otherwise I d be fine giving this place  a 3.\n\nOur waiter was very attentive and kept our water and soda cups refilled  the food was decent overal  -  I had  a plain ol  burger and  a delicious berry sangria  - and the place overal had  a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in..you d think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and I d be ready to go on to the next review right there.\n\nHere s where  I ran into problems. I d checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since  I do my best to pick items on menus that aren t  say  2 0 calories in one sitting. Their website advertises that they make skinny drinks; when  I asked my waiter he said it was possible but that they did not normally do this and that it s  a hassle for the people at the bar  so he didn t recommend it. Then why tel us on your website that you l do it  \n\nAdditionally  while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing  a birthday cake and the restaurant s ability to handle us lighting candles  apparently there was  a break down in communication; we never got the candles we had asked for  and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find  a lighter before realizing there were no candles available. Obviously whatever error occurred wasn t the waiter s fault  and we definitely thanked him and tipped him wel for doing the best that he could with what he had.\n \nOn  a final note  this is also one of those places where if you ask for  a medium rare burger  they wil overcook it; I ve started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that  I get  a medium cooked burger instead of medium wel or wel done.\n\nFinal verdict: go for the brews if you must  and the food s nice enough.  I was admittedly left  a little underwhelmed. 
Mostly come here for the beer and sports. Fun place  
Nothing special. Just like Applebee s  Chili s or Fridays. Stick to the bar food  burgers  sandwiches  pizza  wings and salads  and you wil be okay. \n\nThis was our second attempt at trying Rock Bottom on Fathers Day. The first time almost ten years ago. We went in the early afternoon and they had already ran out of steaks. How do you do that on Fathers Day   This time we went around 12 noon and beat the rush.\n\nMy wife got and loved the Berry Bash Sangria. She just said it had to much ice in it. Our daughter got the root beer float which she love and  I started with  a Mango Ice Tea  but later switched for  a raspberry ice tea as the mango ice tea wasn t sweet enough.\n\nWe started of the the Kobe beef sliders as our app. It took at least 15 minutes to get them. You get thre sliders and they were very good.\n\nMy wife got  a smal greenhouse salad with Jalapeno ranch dressing to start of with which she enjoyed and the lobster    shrimp enchiladas as her main entree. She complained about how salty it was and the fact that there was no lobster in it at all.\n\nOur daughter got the kids burger and fries. No surprise there.\n\nI ordered the New York Strip with mashed potatoes and it came with green bean as well. My strip was cooked perfectly and has  a decent taste. Longhorn has  a much  much better quality of steak though. The green beans were pretty good and my mashed potatoes very bland and pretty average. \n\nThe kitchen sounded like an live episode of Hell s Kitchen. The waiters were repeatedly asking for orders at least  5 to  6 times. The kitchen was backed up the whole time we were there.\n\nOn  a different note  our waitres Susan was very good. Come here for drinks and the bar food. Skip everything else. 
 I go to Rock Bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer  so  I was really really excited to have my bridal shower there. My maid of honor reserved the banquet room which was very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant. My MOH and mother said that the person they talked to about reservations and arrangements was wonderful and easy to get in touch with. My shower was wonderful  the wait staf was great and kept everyone s glasses full. It started pouring down rain and they let us stay  a little longer so my gifts wouldn t get wet when taking them out to the car. The only reason this place gets  4 stars is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home. There was salmon  chicken  potatoes  and mac and cheese left over and they told us we couldn t box it up. Not sure why- they can t re-serve it  It would have just gone to waste \n\nAlso  not at al related to the shower  their trivia night is super fun  
Southwest Eg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmm. Oh and the AMAZING Brews  
 I rarely give  a busines  a superior rating  but  I have to say my wife and  I had one of the best dining experiences at the Rock Bottom Brewery. The food was delicious  the beer  every recipe sampled  was amazing and the service was wonderful. The staf made us feel like we were the most important guests in the restaurant. \n\nPlease support this business.  I guarante you wil not be disappointed. 
I m giving  4 stars mostly because of the beer..large selection    decent prices. The food is pretty good  but nothing to rave about. The menu has  a good variety  and everything I ve tried has been good. Portions are large. \n\nOne side of the restaurant is the bar    bar atmosphere..with several TV s     2 pool tables. It s very wide open with extremely high ceilings. The other side is more for families or people who aren t concerned about watching sports. In general  it has  a relaxed atmosphere. I ve always had quick    friendly service. \n\nI love the whole Waterfront area..so much to do  
I m not much of  a beer drinker  but my fiance is  a major enthusiast  so  I agreed to tag along. I m glad  I did  Our waitres was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection  and helped me to pick one  I would love  the kolsch was very crisp  light  and drinkable.  The food was standard pub fare with  a twist  well-executed. My burger was topped with onion petals and gorgonzola  and cooked to perfection. The waitres recommended their macaroni and cheese for  a side  which was definitely  a good choice. My only complaint is that most of the food was rather heavy  and  I spent the rest of the night wallowing on the couch. Not sure  I would make the hour+ trip to Pittsburgh again  but if  I found myself in the city   I may just stop by. 
Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp.  I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I ve ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Wel there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing al around disappointing. 
Normally the food is outstanding  no more salted bread sticks  but they did bring back the bal park pretzels. Not very good  cool to low warm. Hard  dense. Mango ice tea is wonderful.\n\nWil se how the chicken comes out.\n\nTo be continued. 
Tom and  I decided to try this place out before catching  a late movie on  a Saturday night. He is  a beer buff  and neither of us had ever been there  so we gave it  a go.\n\nWe walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. We put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. About 25 minutes later  our table was ready. Parking was  a cluster since the lot is shared with Dave    Busters and  a karaoke bar called Sing Sing. Tom dropped me of at the door so  I could secure our table.\n\nOur server  Jackie  approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. She was very attentive and funny  and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. Tom ordered  a Red Ale and to his surprise  didn t care for it. Jackie gave Tom thre fre samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. He loved al three  and chose the most bizarre  and expensive  beer. Jackie switched the Red Ale to the beer of Tom s choice  and charged us for the les expensive beer. Very nice of her \n\nWe started out with the Bal Park Pretzels with Jalapeno dip. The pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh  not to mention huge  We only ate one and took the other to go. Very good ap though  \n\nTom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger  and  I got the Chicken Fried Chicken  which was  a pounded chicken breast  breaded and fried  over white cheddar mashed potatoes with  a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw. Tom s burger came with  a smal handful of fries  and my meal was very spread out on my plate  like something was missing. Not very good presentation at all. The food itself was okay  nothing to write home about. The potatoes were my favorite part. Tom said that his burger was mediocre.\n\nAnother note: The bathrooms are shared with the Sing Sing karaoke bar that is in the same building  so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stal next to you after enjoying to much alcohol at their bachelorette party. Yuck.\n\nOverall  we might come back for the beer and service  but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom. 
I m  a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it s  a good option after movies. Their nachos is pretty good.  I also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they re good as well. \nI think the only thing  I did t like is the steak taco appetizer. It was to sour and kinda tasteless. 
The Cajun Pasta  I ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my Rock Bottom IPA. It may be  a chain but  I always get that microbrew restaurant feel when I m here. They could upgrade the quality of the servers but I ve never had  a really bad experience with the service. 
 I really mis the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good. Food is excellent and the service staf is friendly. 
So after an evening of enjoying  a comedy show at the Waterfront  we headed to Rock Bottom for some late night grub. The place was pretty busy  we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until  a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table. As nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bil and left. \n\nSo finally seated  I look over the drinks and being the huge IPA lover that  I am  I went with that and it was indeed  a good choice. The hubby had the Red Ale which was also rather good.\n\nThe service was OK  not the best not the worst. But moving on to more important thing  the food. Talk about missing the mark hugely   I ordered the mini street fish tacos. You get four mini tacos with  a marinated in lime piece of fish  and tomatillo salsa. They were just strokes away from inedible.  I love fish tacos   I mean it is such  a simple concept so why do people have such  a hard time executing this dish  The shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when  I picked them up. The sour cream sprayed al over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked. If  I wasn t so hungry  I wouldn t have eaten them at all  Lesson learn on that.\n\nThe husband had the BBQ Chicken Pizza. It had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream. My husband is usually the type that wil order these lovely specialty pizza s and ask for them to remove al the wonderful unique toppings  For instance  he would usually just say  Chicken BBQ and cheese  nothing else   I refused to let him do that this time  because  I was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie. And boy was  I jealous when it came out. It blew my crappy tacos out of the water  Should have stuck with something simple. \n\nFurthermore  I could care les if  I come back to this location. The beers were good but hel you can get  a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore. And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is  a chain  but it stil doesn t have to stink. 
the food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. Our waitres Lindy was outstanding. Have nothing but good things to say. Would highly recommend to everyone    
Another good meal . this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It s  a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef.  A refreshing and delicious twist on  a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has  a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overal good experience. 
 I have to say that I ve only been here when it was very busy.  I found the service fairly quick and any of the food I ve had has been delicious.  I went there tonight and there was an issue with my food. Without going into detail   I wil say they handled it wonderfully. Our waitres Mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem.  I had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time.  I had one beer that s similar to  a blue moon and that was good too.  I would go back again  
My husband and  I got here  a couple times  a year. Always  except my veggies today  get great food at  a decent price.  I love their side salad. which has raisins and sunflower seeds. Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese. Recommend to everyone just get there early for  a seat. 
Poor service and food.  I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay. So  I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes   I had to TRY and give them money.\n\nOn to the important part. Food was terrible.  I had  a burger and it was pathetic. 
On  a glorious day in the month of May    my love and  I stumbled hungrily into rock bottom. Ha. Just kidding  I realized Darren W. Hadn t reviewed here so  I had to start it cheesy. \n\nThe rock bottom line: Monday for lunch we had awesome service by Ashley. We weren t rushed and it was quite. The burgers were great and half of  . The beer was very good. We wil be returning for sure. 
Planned  a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pul it off  Service was extremely helpful  professional  and on point al night. Lauren  one of the managers  was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event  I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn t be happier  
 I love this restaraunt. Rarely have  I ever received service like  I get here. The food is good  definitely reasonable for the price. The thing that blew me away was the fact that my steak was cooked TO TEMPERATURE. This rarely ever happens at restaraunt of similar price range and quality. But the servers are fantastic. Very attentive  polite and timely. The beer selection is awesome  we always order the sampler.  I like having lots of options as far as beverages go. The wait time isn t terrible if you go  a little later on  a friday or Saturday night. And they most often cal you before the quotes time. The desert menu is  a little small  but  I could probably skip it anyways ;  the ambiance is good  not to crammed or noisy. They also have outside seating available when the weather is nice  I highly recommend this establishment  
 I love this place  Great food and the best beer brewed on site  The bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here. 
The staf here is very nice and the set up has TVs al around the family so enjoy mostly al sports  the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at al times. 
Good food and large portions.  I ordered the Veggie Burger for  8.50 and  I loved it  It s one of the most unique veggie burgers  I have ever had:  a homemade patty of beans  rolled oats and veggies. The chipotle mayo really gave it that oomph. My burger was more than enough for me to handle and everything was worth the price. As for drinks  I m  a complete noob when it comes to beer but my friend ordered  a tap and even from  a smal taste   I could tel it was very good quality beer. Bitter and sweet  with  a slight tang.  I rarely drink beer but  i I m going to  then might as wel drink the best kind there is  - fresh and microbrewed.\n\nNOTE: There aren t to many options for vegetarians. The veggie burger was pretty good and I d recommend it  but other than that  there s also the veggie tacos   a few select appetizers  and  a few salads from which to choose. 
I ve never been crazy about the food here  but my friend likes it  so  I do eat here once in  a while. We stopped in last night and  I had the chicken finger appetizer with fries. The food was  a little overcooked and nearly tasteless. The ranch dressing was barely good enough to make up for it. \n\nMy friend had the mac    cheese with chicken and bacon  which is what she orders just about every time she s there. It looked delicious and the portion was huge. I l be trying this dish next time we re there. \n\nWe ve also had the Bal Park Pretzels in the past  and they re really good. \n\nI m giving  4 stars because the service was great  there s outdoor seating  and the Berry Bash Sangria was delicious  if expensive . We l be back. 
Every time I ve been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n cheese as  a side. They Mac n  cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic  I ve had  a few other menu options as wel that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First  Pumpkin Ale. \n\nOne thing  I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren t one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you re done eating. The food comes out fast  which is great when you re starving   but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there s never any rush.  I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for  a movie that didn t start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30  ordered drinks  ate and had  a few more drinks and then just hung out for about  a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.\n\nMy only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked  a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well  but that s not  a huge problem for me.  I also don t think the signature cocktails are worth  9  but that s more of  a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is  a smal chain. \n\nOveral  I definitely recommend eating here if you re in the Waterfront  
The food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad. The K\u00f6lsch is the only decent beer of the bunch. The service is good  but the wait for food or  a table can be quite long  generally 20-30 minutes even for just beer and apps . I ve been to the one at the Denver airport as well  but  I was stranded and had fre meal tickets  so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from Rock Bottom it was. Since it s  a recognizable national chain   I think of places like this as more of  a tourist brewery rather than  a true Pittsburgh craft-brew experience. 
The beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at ALL. I ve tried many things on the menu  and if you have developed  a \"foodie\" palate  don t even bother  because you wil be very disappointed. If you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch  which  nothing wrong with that   you wil most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entre  I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas  minus the repulsive beans and rice  and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise  you are better of skipping it. 
This place is quite big with  a bar area  dining room area  and patio area. We decided to sit in the bar area so we could watch some footbal on one of the many TV s. They also have darts and two pool tables  which  I really enjoy. When you are in the bar area you can se the beer being brewed through the window which is really cool. \n\nI ordered the hibiscus wheat beer and my friend ordered the white wheat  both of which are brewed by Rock Bottom. They both tasted delicious and were exactly what  I needed for  a hot day. My friend ordered the Fried chicken entre which came with mashed potatoes and of course she gave me  a few bites since we always share. It was  a pretty delicious meal  but the fried crust fel of  a few pieces which  I am not really  a fan of.  I ordered the Sante fe salad with grilled chicken not fried. The salad was okay  I was expecting more flavors overall  but  I didn t really get them. \n\nIt was  a good experience and wil most likely be back when  I am around the waterfront area. 
 I am not  a fan of chain restaurants typically and had to slowing break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurants al of the time. The one chain that  I can t break from is rock bottom. \n\nTheir beer is always good- as far as their staples go   I really love their white ale. Their seasonal IPAs have been good and my favorite seasonals of al time included their chocolate raspberry stout  ..yes  it tasted as good as it sounds; they had it last year around Christmas  and their smoky BBQ brown ale  tasted like summer  complemented BBQ amazingly  ; they had it this past summer   I bought  a growler of it lol . \n\nAs far as their food goes   I typically stay away from the appetizers.  10 and up is  a little to pricey for me as far as appetizers go. I ve had their southwestern rolls and they were good but not worth  10. \n\nAlmost every time  I go  I order the Baja chicken sandwich. It s my favorite chicken sandwich  So good. The chicken is actually grilled  which goes for al of their chicken sandwiches  and  I love the charred flavor that it has. The bun is soft but sturdy and doesn t fal apart while eating the sandwich  the sauce is amazing  the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least. There s  a half of  a fresh avocado on this sandwich. Mhm   I love it. My boyfriend usually gets the hickory BBQ bacon chicken sandwich and loves it as well. \n\nAnother item  I ALWAYS get. Their apple coleslaw. I ve yet to find better coleslaw in  a restaurant. So simple  yet oh so good. \n\nThey also recently changed their fries and these are much better than their old ones. \n\nTheir side salads are awesome as well. They are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seeds  raisins  half of  a hard boiled eg  which  I give to the boyfriend   chopped cucumbers and tomatoes and croutons. Yum  \n\nI usually order the same thing every time  I go.  I steered of my normal path once and ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless. Which turned me of to trying new items there. Plus  I am just to in love with the Baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else. \n\nService is always great  the bartenders are friendly.  I love this place. Ask about their rock bottom rewards    
Be careful. The servers can t pay attention to save their lives  and the management cares even less.  I want to make sure people know how careles the management is  particularly Mark who seems to let his staf run around. 
 I always enjoy Rock Bottom. Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has  a hit as well. \n\nI prefer the bar seating as to the dining room  but this is  a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos. \n\nNachos  nachos  nachos. Truly the best in the area. Great burgers  chili and salads. Really..I don t think I ve had  a bad meal here. Nice outdoor seating in the summer. \n\nThis is  a great place to watch  a game or just hang out. Iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.  I know they have other cocktails here  but  I can t order them at  a beer place. I ve seen them and they do look good  but I m stuck to the beer selection. \n\nThey have  a great happy hour and specials throughout the week. \n\nService is always great whether there are two or 10 of us. 
This is  a \"Okay\" place to eat. The food is nothing special.  I gues what they have going for them is the beer. Order the Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for  8.50 and the portion was not worth it. Rice  Cajun Taco  was not cooked well. Would  I go there again \"maybe\". If your into beer and watching the game  then yeah go there. 
BAL PARK PRETZEL-Would eat again. \n\nI came to rock bottom  looking for  a great beer. Ful of hops  that brings  a refreshing sensation and satisfaction.  I then opened the menu  scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer.  I saw an extensive list of items  from chicken fingers to salads.  I noticed  a Bal Park Pretzel  with  a jalape\u00f1o cheese dip.  I was blown away  the fact that  I got  2 pretzels amazed me.  I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smel of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But  I knew we could step this shit up   I asked for mustard. And what do you know. Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes.  I combined that shit and life evolved.  I went to heaven  it took me 35 minutes to write this review because  I took  a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence. Good look Rock Bottom  keep up the good work. 
The Improv Comedy Club at The Waterfront is the best comedy club in Pittsburgh because there is only one other one and this one gets more famous comedians.  I go there just about every other week.\n\nPros: Great comedians al year round  The food/drinks are very good and the wait staf is wonderful  The Improv is  a great venue for upcoming and new comedians   I always se new  local talent opening for national comedians. In one show you wil se 1-2 local comedians  and 1-2 national touring comedians. The Improv has  a nice environment inside with general admission seating  first come  first serve . The EMAIL LIST is essential in order to receive fre ticket packages and perks  as wel as reminders of upcoming comedians \n\nCons: Prices can be steep  it is expensive/difficult to be  a regular . Food and Drinks are not cheap  no specials . Expect to pay  15-  40 for tickets depending on the headliner with  a two item minimum. Waiting in line before the shows wouldn t be bad if you weren t forced to stand outside in any and al weather conditions. If it is raining and you d like  a good seat  you wil pay the price. \n\nOverall: This 21+ venue is  a great place to spend  a night out with friends or loved ones. You may buy tickets in advance online/phone or buy your tickets at the box office at the location.  I highly recommend joining the mailing list to receive fre tickets  Check the calendar for upcoming shows and open mic nights during the week  Support local comedy  and enjoy The Improv at the Waterfront  
Good club for  a good laugh. High food prices  most comedy clubs are    2 item min. The food was les than stellar.  I wouldve enjoyed Burger King more. \n\nService was decent   I believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle  a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses.  I get grouchy when my glas is sitting empty for more than  2 mins. 
They have good acts coming around here  and often give out fre tickets  particularly ine summer. I ve never actually paid ful price for  a ticket here. \n\nThe two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though..I don t mind the requirement so much  but the quality isn t good and the prices are high. Our four items total came to about  30  two appetizers and two beers  and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the servers aren t even very friendly. Also beware..they have  a lot of rules here. They won t seat til the whole party is there; if you get dinner reservations everyone in the party HAS to order dinner  automatic gratuity added to the check  etc. etc.\n\nThe \"box office\" is also weird..you get your tickets at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot..then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the workers are just sitting right there  so  I don t get the whole hoopla with the window.\n\nAl in al though  the seats are comfy enough  the atmosphere is pretty nice  and the acts are good. 
 I always enjoy  a good comedy club and though I m  a loyal Helium fan   I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose  a great location  with surrounding restaurants of al genres and fun bars and shopping. \n\nWe bought tickets to se  a comedian  I had never heard of  he was decent  for  25 each with  a two item purchase minimum.  I really dislike that rule but you can t really get around it. \n\nThe only thing  I didn t like  aka hated  was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freezing  They should put heaters outside. seriously. 
Came here to se Charlie Murphy. \nParking was nightmare.  I would expect nothing les on  a Saturday night.\nThe 15 minute wait to get inside was torture. They need to implement  a system where if you purchased tickets in advance you don t have to wait outside. Once inside you we were seated pretty quickly.\nSeating is first come first serve.\n\nThe Server was pretty quick to take our orders.  I misread the menu description and didn t realize my BBQ sandwich came \nwith cheese.  I don t eat cheese  and had send my order back. The waiter was gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minutes. I ve never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich  maybe it s  a northern thing. \nWe got our checks quickly  and without issue. 
I m HUGE SNL fan  so naturally if someone who s been in the cast is touring  I l come here to se them. Some have been really great..Jim Breuer. Some have been  surprisingly  very bad..Tracy Morgan. But it s always been  a pleasant experience at the venue. There s not  a bad seat in the house and it s smal enough that you get to se and hear everything from the stage. Beware if you sit in the very front  you KNOW what s going to happen \n\nA couple downsides. \n\nWaiting outside in  a line in the dead of winter. The lobby is so smal you re forced to wait outside until the first show starts or the first show let s out. And if you want  a good seat  you may be waiting in line for  a while. BURR \n\nThe two drink minimum.  I kinda get why they do it  to make money  of course. But this means they jack up the prices of watered down drinks. Better to stick with beer and wine at these places. No frou frou drinks for me  \n\nAlso  as to be expected  the food s not that great. In  a perfect foodie world  places that served food would make it fantastic  Since that s not going to happen  you just go into those places hoping for the best. I ve never had anything great here. Nacho platter to many re fried beans  to little nacho s..annd I m out  \n\nSo what did we learn here  Good venue  stick to beer and wine and eat at  a better restaurant beforehand. The talent is really what you re there for so  enjoy the show  
I ve been here twice now  and like the others you really only come to Improve Comedy Club for the show. Very reasonably priced for shows though they have the two item minimum so would suggest they al be drinks.\n\nThe food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7. Having  a fre appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken  - hmm.  I think the chicken was frozen  - definitely not fresh  - and the guacamole was artificial with  a glop of cheese. It looked like  a mes with big ole pile of fries.  A lot of food for  10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18 . 
There s nothing like  a Saturday night filled with some good laughs   a few chuckles and  a couple of good guffaws thrown in for good measure. That s exactly what we enjoyed on Saturday night \n\nWe hit the comedy club for an evening of Tammy Pescatelli  - the hubby and  I have enjoyed her routine on TV and on the occasional DVE morning show. She didn t fail to give us  a good evening of laughs  The big surprise  was Gene Collier  - yep  of the Post-Gazette sports writer fame  - as the opener.   An enjoyable evening  
Tom Green was appearing here on Jan 22  2012. He was hilarious. \n\nThe Improv is an excellent comedy club  in past shows I ve seen Jim Krenn  Margaret Cho  Billy Elmer  and so many more  I forget. Much like Live from the Improv on TV  the brick back drop makes it feel like the NYC Improv. \n\nHint: eat elsewhere  the food isn t so great  have an appetizer until you get to another restaurant  most comedians head over to the Rock Bottom after to imbibe. Dave Attel is  a regular at both places. Two drink minimum  drink them slow and go elsewhere after the show. 
Decent  clean  as far as  I could sense in the dim . about on par for what you d expect for  a higher-end comedy club. That includes the  10/drink  two-drink minimum  automatic 18  gratuity  and the comic spouting out the obligatory  \"don t forget to tip your waitress.\"\n\nTrying to judge the place on its own merits and not on the entertainment value of the comics.  If the latter  since we were here for Frank Caliendo  I d have given the place the ful  5 stars if only for him alone  \n\nTotal cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been  a 4-star experience for us.  80 for tickets online included  10 \"service fee\" and tax  we had to: this was  a sold out show . Ad  25 for drinks  gratuity  and more tax. We re talking 3-digits of   for les than  2 hours of entertainment squeezed in between other patrons and glass-wielding servers while you sit on rickety chairs. That s what  a headliner act wil cost ya \n\nWil you se us here again  Probably. but cost makes it unlikely to be  a weekly thing for us. 
My friends     I al purchased Groupons for the Pittsburgh Improv on or around March 22nd  2012. At that time  only  a few big name comedians were listed on the Improv s website as Special Events. You can use the Groupon on anything that isn t  a Special Event. That seemd reasonable. The day the Groupons were purchased  my friend Katrina called    reserved two tickets to Jim Jeffries for 3/30 at 10pm. They allowed her to use her Groupon    gave her  a confirmation code    everything  Shortly after  they changed many of the comedians on their website  including Jim Jeffries  to Special Events.   \n\nIn addition  no one at the Improv answers the phones or responds to emails. \n\nMy friends     I  about 10 of us total  are al getting refunds through Groupon and/or our credit card companies    we are al reporting the Improv to the Better Busines Bureau  etc. \n\nThe Pittsburgh Improv is extremely shady    does not care about their customers. 
You know that place where you ve never gone  then you go  then you re going al the time  Wel the Improv for me is one of these places.\n\nI am thankful to have  a venue to se some of my favorite comedians. Most recently  I saw Hannibal Burris  Tommy Johnigan and Doug Benson. Al thre performances were  a hooting good time. \n\nOn Saturday afternoon at 2:20pm  I went to se Doug Benson  I was accompanied by my boyfriend. You may know Doug Benson from the hit documentary \"Super High Me.\"\n\nOk so: \nPROS \nWonderfully talented comedians \nClean bathrooms \nPretty wait staf \nhas Coors Light on tap    5.75 per draft  \nEvery seat in the house is  a good seat \n\nCons:\nExpensive drinks\nExpensive food \nFlavorles food \nDirty silverware \nFar from my house \nMayo with french fries \n\nAny way   I have enjoyed al my visits to the Waterfront.  I can certainly se myself seeing more shows at the Improve. The club is wel maintained and the wait staf is friendly. \n\nBring  a lot of money with you  you re going to need it.  I don t know if it s true everywhere but at this Improve there is are  2 item person  minimum order requirement. \n\nThey served us warm Mayo with our fries  what is this Holland  That sh*t was gross. It was both gros and also unusual.\n\nAnyhow to catch  a comedy show at the Improve is  a pleasure. 
The place does what it does best  - Comedy. The food  however. Blah.\n\nFirst off  If you go to  a show  please note there is  a two item per person minimum. This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks  you are REQUIRED to choose two items each. \n\nSecond  the sodas are NOT FRE REFILLS   I learned that one the hard way. Get water. \n\nThird  before tipping your server  please make sure she hasn t already taken her cut out. Even after paying for two very bland  overpriced meals and way to many Diet Cokes   I thought that my bil was rather high. Upon further inspection   I noticed that my server had taken an 18  gratuity. The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity wil be taken out for parties of six or more  but there was only two of us and we weren t even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18  even though  I typically tip wel over 20 . \n\nOverall   I don t like the idea of being required to purchase food just to se  a comedy show.  I can se why they do it  but if  I were required to buy  a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time  I went to the movies   I would be far les inclined to go as  I am not inclined to go to the Improv again. 
The Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution  some specific examples at the end .\n\nThe setup is nice   a delightful--if  a bit sterile--reproduction of what you d think  a comedy club should like if you watch enough TV. The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it s an OK atmosphere to se  a show and laugh.\n\nIt s to small  however  to attract many of the best acts  which limits its ability to ever become the central hub for Pittsburgh comedy. Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan  Louis CK  Second City--al perform elsewhere  though they managed to get Bob Saget  to their credit .\n\nBut the biggest problem is the food and drink. They re very up front about their mandatory two item minimum  but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaf at least several times during the show. The prices are wel above what I d consider reasonable given the quality  and I d begrudgingly--or even happily--just shrug of the cost the same way  I would  a stadium concession stand markup..but the food is bad. You re forced to either  a  buy extremely overpriced drinks  3.50 for  a soda  for example  with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills   or  b  buy moderately overpriced food which you wouldn t want in the first place.  I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable  until  a few bites in  I decided I d rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.\n\nStill   I think this place has  a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians. Two stars for now  with high hopes for improvements.\n\nA few specific drawbacks which could be VERY easily fixed:\n1  -  A lot of the drinks didn t have prices on them.  I know this isn t uncommon  but at  a venue where every question you ask interrupts not only your own show-viewing experience as wel as the experiences of your neighbors  it s an incredibly poor decision here. Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear. It s not that hard.\n2  - Put the drink prices on the website too. An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews  and she once said \"Our menus and pricing are listed on our website  which makes for easy planning \" I m calling shenanigans. Not al the prices are on the website  which makes for difficult planning.\n3  - Reminding me to tip my server during the show AND adding an automatic gratuity to the check makes me feel like you re trying to trick me. It s kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one s customers.\n4  - Since the  3.50 soft drinks don t come with fre refills  the servers shouldn t ask \"would you like  a refil on that \" or anything of the sort. They should ask \"would you like another one \" instead. They should also respond to requests for refills by saying \"we don t offer refills  but I d be happy to get you another one.\" Just because there s  a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn t mean people al figure it out. Most patrons don t even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if al they want is  a standard beverage offered almost everywhere  like  a cola or diet cola   and the reading difficulties imposed by the darknes make them even les likely to browse the offerings. 
 I love the Improv.  I think its  a great way to start or spend  a night  Nothing like  a laughter filled night.  I think its great that we get so many great comedians coming our way  Owen Benjamin  Pablo Francisco super funny Tammy Pescatelli not so much. \n\nThings you should be aware of: The staf is really strict on the  2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drinks.  I kinda wish their menu was  a little bit more extensive. Their service is spotty\n\nThe wait staf is  a little iffy.  I have been here MANY times and sometimes  I get an attentive waitres and sometimes not. Most recently our waitres was rude  didn t bother with pleasantries and barely took notice of us. Also beware of the fact they automatically ad gratuity. If our waitres was nice  I would be more than glad to ad to it but this time  I was like no way \n\np.s. when  I used my groupon  I didn t have any trouble 
My husband and  I went to do something fun. The comedy was great  The food  however  is mediocre at best. In addition  we were seated in the last row  and 10 minutes into the headliner they sat someone else at our table  so that they were in front of us.  I could not se  a thing.   The improv is  a great place to go for  a good show  a few times  a year. The venue is clean. The comedians are good  for the price  and many times you get  a steal and can se  a great comedian for  a low price  i.e.Tommy Johnagin . However  be advised  if you attend more than one show every couple of months  you wil se some of the same opening acts repeated. This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I ve been to the Improv about  3 times over the past  4 months and have seen the same opening acts  a few times.  I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh  As noted in other reviews  another area of improvement is the drinks and food.  I always attend the late showing so that  I can eat elsewhere. The food is mediocre bar food at best. Nothing more needs to be said about that.  I definitely don t mind the two drink minimum. I ve been known to consume more than two drinks in one setting but  the drinks are insanely overpriced.  5 for  a Miller Lite   4 for  a Snapple   10 for  a fountain drink with refills. You re better of having your two drinks during the show and going over the Sing Sing after for  a draft  .  . or four. In addition  since they started offering  a large Groupon discount  the Improv has been packed. Be aware that if you only have two people in your party  they may seat strangers at your table who are  6 feet tal and block your view. 
We came to the Improv for the first time on Friday night for my wife s work holiday party. We arrived early for dinner and drinks from  a predetermined menu. Dinner started with  a salad of clearly bagged  almost brown iceberg lettuce  with some croutons and frozen-then-thawed looking tomatoes that were pinkish at best.  I took  a few bites of this unappetizing poor excuse for  a salad  and  I can tel you it was downright tragic. Dinner arrived and since there wasn t any vegetarian options on this predetermined menu  we received  a dish that was supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted. It was  a huge pile of spaghetti in  a bowl. It looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked. The pasta was overcooked  and the tomato sauce was just watered down pur\u00e9ed canned tomatoes.  I saw traces of onion in my dish but didn t taste them at all.  I was so hungry that  I salted the heck out of this abomination and took  a few bites. Yuck.  I didn t make  a dent in this crapfest. For dessert we were given  a choice of chocolate cake  which my wife ordered  and cheesecake  which  I ordered. The chocolate cake had freezer burn. Inexcusable  It wasn t edible. The cheesecake was only  a hair better  but it had obviously come out of the freezer as well.  I know people aren t coming here for the food  but if you are FORCING them to order things of of your menu to fulfil some outdated requirements  two drink/two menu item minimum  then at least make some halfway decent food. It doesn t even have to be memorable..just not OFFENSIVE. Which it was  Had  I paid for any of this  I would have made  a huge stink  but  I tried to be polite and push my food around and make smal talk. \n\nThe comedians were good. The venue was nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our \"event\". Not always the best thing in  a comedy club  we only got picked on  a little bit . But damn   I was hungry   I found myself fantasizing about al of the crappy Waterfront restaurants and how I d rather be there..how I d rather be heating up  a discount microwave dinner..how I d rather have  a giant bowl of Captain Crunch..how I d rather go back in time and eat spaghetti from my high school cafeteria..what  a dreadful dining experience.\n\nMy car was also violated in the parking lot.  I had an adorable German license plate on the front of my adorable German car which was stolen while  I was eating hideous food  which was just the slap in the face  I wanted when finally retreating to my car.  I feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as  a whole.\n\nThe Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to  a catering company.  I truly believe that s the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself  a favor and eat beforehand  and just order  a beer. Well  two  I guess. Other diners at our table complained about the quality of the cocktails so I d steer clear of those. Unles there is  a can t mis type of comedian here   I can t ever picture going back to the Improv. I d give the comedians  4 stars  and the food ZERO stars. 
Spent New Years Eve at the Comedy Club to bring the new year.\n\n\nI am new but it was  a good time. We had unlimited champagne  fruit and cheese. The comedy was good.\n\nThe service was great.\n\nThe atmposhere was okay but it was  a comedy clud :- . \n\nYou should check it out  - Comedy clubs bring  a little spice to the city :- \n\nEnjoy  
This was my second visit to the club and it was stil  a blast. My girlfriends bought tickets for John Witherspoon for my bachelorette. We were al looking forward to it and it was hilarious  He was wonderful. \n\nThe servers were fantastic. They always came back to check in on us and make sure we had plenty to eat and drink.  I suggest the Pink Cadillac for  a drink as wel as the cheese cake and chocolate cake for dessert. \n\nThe only reason it isn t  5 stars is because they had us wait an hour past the time we were to enter the building. We were to se the 9pm showing so the doors were to open at 8:45pm. They came out and explained that the show had run over and we wouldn t be able to even enter the building until 9:20pm. It was 28 degrees outside. We finally were able to enter the building  order drinks then the show finally started at 9:45pm. The host did offer  a blanket apology which was nice but hardly made up for the fact the show started almost an hour late. 
 I have been here twice in the last month. It s  a pretty great time. My first visit  the service was pretty poor and the food was cold by the time it got to the table. We had to sit al the way in the back and the comedian was not that good  although that is no fault of the club . But when  I went to the second show  the service was much improved. The burger  I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitres kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was  a great experience. I l be going back soon  
Good   I can t comment on the food or the bathrooms  but from what experienced it was great  The drinks were decent  and  I believe you must order two items at minimum. The staf is quick  but they should have more people working on  a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.\n\nThe comics we saw were funny as well. Wil definitely go back  
 I love that we have  a great comedy club in Pittsburgh with  a great location at the Waterfront. Perfect for  a date night and  I recommend going to  a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand.  I received an online coupon code for  5 tickets for John Heffron. What  a deal-def. check for deals before you pay ful price for any shows here. We went early to pick up the tickets at the ticket office. People were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it was freezing out.  I had no interest in doing this so we grabbed  a beer acros the street at Rock Bottom. Once they opened the doors  15 minutes before show time  the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we stil got seated at  a table in the back. It is not huge inside so there aren t really any bad seats. They usually have an MC for the night who starts warming up the crowd. This guy was funny and so was the opening act before John Heffron. My only complaint about this place is that they have  a two drink minimum and the prices are outrageous.  9.50 for  a mixed wel drink and  7 for draft beers. The soda was  3.50  Yikes  At least we didn t pay ful price for the tickets. 
 I was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to se funny man Bil Crawford  part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him. That is funny because as  I was telling people about going it became clear there are  A LOT of people that haven t. Oh Well. Let me mention this was my first time there.\n\nSo  I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum. Wel to my pleasant surprise there was no wait  walked right in  greeted  an usher showed us to our seats and we waited les than  5 minutes to be asked for our order. This was nice.  I wil say that the show started at 8pm  and we were there by 7:20 or so. There were already people seated so we were by no means very early  and heck there were people with ful course meals and tables of 10. The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu  leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month  but they did have  a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for  6.00. Now that may seem rather expensive and it is  but doable so  I indeed did it. My husband got  a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks. We opted not to eat there  as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and  I wil get to that review later..\n\nSo the show was good. There were moments that  I think the comedians may have went of track and were just bantering  but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable. There were  a total of  4 comedians  the MC  and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them. \n\nThe one or two things  I didn t like about the place. The bathrooms are in the lobby. As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated. This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance. The same also goes for smoking. Since we were so early  I took  a break and it was again awkward reentering. Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand   A ticket stub  Not sure but  I know  I would have felt better unlike feeling like  I was sneaking into the place. \n\nI would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope  I always have  a rather positive experience  
It isn t often that my wife and  I get to go out  but we had tickets to se the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv  we may as wel eat there too.  I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be  a typical experience at the improv. We were handed  a paper menu with  4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitres didn t offer us one either. She wanted our order  but as we were looking around the place  we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us.  \"  we asked. \"Oh\"  was her answer. Now  according to the menu  dinner came with  a side salad   a complimentary glas of champagne  and  a chocolate mousse dessert. That s al good and fine. After  a couple of minutes  someone  not our waitress  finally brought out our meals.  \". Really     \"Do you want me to take your food back \" After almost 45 minutes at this point  we had received  1 round of drinks and had seen our waitres only twice and had just received our food. No   I don t want you to take our food back  Halfway through eating our meals  which were by this time cold  our waitres finally came back with our second beers. She asked us how everything was. We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn t want them. REALLY     Is this  a joke  Is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on  Sadly  no. The service didn t get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa  Lisa and Mat al put on  a hilarious show. Wil  I ever go back  Don t know. It took us an hour and  a half to drive the 16 miles to get there  thanks to traffic.  I do know that if we do it again  we wil leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else. The two drink minimum works at the improv because you wil not get your waitres to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you re interested   I am  a chef who has been in the service industry for more than 30 years and worked every position possible in restaurants and bars. So  yes   I do have  a preconceived notion as to how service and food should be. Even on Valentine s Day. 
My husband and  I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren t bad either.  I am very particular about where  I sit  and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose  especially if it s on  a Thursday or Sunday night  since those aren t particularly busy nights.\n\nI did have one bad experience  which is why I m giving this review  3 stars instead of  4  it only takes one poor experience  people  . My husband and  I went to se one of our favorite comedians on  a Thursday night. There is  a two-item minimum  so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well  we were mistaken. First of all  our waitres was rude and slow. After sitting there for  5 or  6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order  a drink and food  to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so al they have are salads and desserts.  I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.\n\nAt any rate   I order  a Caesar salad and  a beer. It comes out and it s iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese  tomatoes  and other veggies. In other words   a regular salad.  I inform the waitres of this and she seemed totally confused.  I suppose she did not understand the difference  which was odd. \n\nOverall   I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn t eat  let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren t the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show.  I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions  even if it cost them money. \n\nAfterwards   I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.\n\nThat being said   I wil most likely return to the Improv..but not for the service. Because it s  a great place to se comedy shows and isn t that expensive. Customer service is terrible. 
 I went here for the first time the other night and had  a great time  The comedian was hilarious and it was  a great intimate setting for  a fun night out with friends  My only complaint was that it was  a little pricey for the overal experience because not only do you need to buy  a ticket  but every person needs to buy  2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren t cheap  around  10-12 . However   I would definitely go back sometime  
Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner  while  a bit long  was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Wil definitely go back. 
If The Improv chain didn t bring in such amazing comedians  this place would be totally screwed. \n\nI always have fun watching the comedians  but  I can t help but leave with such  a bitter taste in my mouth from how much of  a rip of this place is.\n\nFirst you buy the tickets  but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge. The real kicker is having to buy  a minimum of  2 items during the show  beers are  5 or  6 and the cheapest things on the menu   I believe. Cocktails are  11- 13.  I think glasses of wine are around  8. There is  a pretty good selection of food options. \n\nThe improv does have  a lot of great comedians who pas through  Even the opening acts are generally great  Line up early if you want  a great seat right in the front  \n\nThe point is   a night at the Improv wil be fun  but if you aren t prepared for it  it can end up being  a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair. 
Great night out.  I don t know if Christopher Titus set the ticket price or the club did  but at  25  a ticket  we wil be going back often. Great line up of top name acts coming to town. extremely nice staff. highly recommend. 
Absolutely loved it at the Improv   I saw Sheryl Underwood and she was fantastic. It was my first time being at the Improv. After years of saying that  I wanted to go  it really did meet my expectations  The ambiance is inviting  with warm lighting and  a good amount of seating for  a smaller place. We were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating  though we were encouraged to fil the seats in the front by the stage first. The seating is layered in tiers. Each tier has  a long booth with tables and chairs for seating. It was very comfortable  roomy and an interactive set up. The stage is close to the seating  some tables are right at the stage  with little space between you and the comedian  which made it very interactive and fun. We arrived at the Improv around 9:45 pm for  a show that started at 10:30 pm  with doors opening at 10:0 pm. We waited in line until the doors opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm  so they were really behind schedule. The show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedians before the main act. The show was over around 1:0 am. The only negatives were that the staf was not very friendly and immediately told me that  I have to buy  a minimum of two items of of the menu.   30/ticket isn t enough    I was not hungry and did not want to drink  so this was  a bit frustrating  especially because it wasn t disclosed on the ticket or anywhere else. The server did not hold us to the  2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and  I got away getting  3 drinks for the night. The food menu looked great and the prices seemed reasonable  though if you want water you are looking at  5 for Fiji or sparkling. It was  8 for  a glas of wine.  1 for bottomles soda  complete with  a take home Improv glass. The other thing that  I didn t like was that an employe takes your tickets while you re waiting in line and marks your hands with  a dry erase marker. After one bathroom trip  the mark was gone  so  I think they need  a more effective way to mark you as an already paid customer since the employe takes your proof of purchase. These negatives did not affect my overal experience negatively and  I would most certainly go back  It is  a fun place where you are guaranteed to have  a good time with  a lot of laughter  
So..we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has stil not received his chicken sandwich.  I had\nMy shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good  But hour plus for  a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back..dryer than sand. And my fianc\u00e9s chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible  in fact  she didn t eat more than  3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat  a lil better. 
The Waterfront at Homestead is insane  and saves me the trip of driving al the way to Ros Park Mall. Anyway  the Giant Eagle here is enormous  as you d imagine. It s stil  a standard Giant Eagle  aka the best grocery store ever. 
This is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here s why:\n\n1. They sel beer \n2. Huuge produce selection\n3. Natural/organic foods section: cereal  pasta  soups  etc and fancy chocolate bars\n4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican  indian  italian  asian and    of course  jewish\n5. Functioning bakery with fresh  appetizing breads and desserts  I am stil loyal to Allegro Hearth though \n\nThe store is huge and  I haven t been to al of it yet but they also have nicer flowers  balloons  home/seasonal section  DVD rentals and  a photo center as wel as  a drive-through pharmacy. \n\nIt seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes. 
Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county  if not al of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles  and it has more upscale items.  I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle  but  I often drive to this location for the superior selection. 
Nice Giant Eagle  not as nice as their new Market Districts  but you can look at this Giant Eagle and se how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi  good cheese selection  awesome bakery. 
Wahh  They re remodeling this one and it s frustrating   I swear  I don t mind change.  I really don t~  I should have seen this coming. There were telltale signs of this happening. First  they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store where the now defunct Iggle video was. That s A-ok with me   I didn t use the pharmacy anyway. \n\nBut THEN  THEN they moved the whole toiletries section over there. They put my spaghetti and \"ethnic food\" section  by the way   I love that ethnic food includes spaghetti  to where my Tylenol was. My kitty food is now where my spaghetti once was. Can you tel how exasperated I m getting  \n\nDid  I mention  I don t mind change  But here s the thing   I really hate grocery shopping. It s kinda sorta my own fault because  I must read every label to make sure I m not eating something with 25 grams of fat and 50 calories  even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time.  So going to this Giant Eagle frequently was nice because  I KNEW WERE EVERYTHING WAS. Now  I don t..wahh  \n\nOk  I l stop crying.  I know I l eventually be back. I m sure      it wil be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they re done. But  I can t take it for right now. I l be forced to shop at the Ghetto Bird down in the Southside until my former store is al shiny and new again. 
 I like this Giant Eagle.\nThey have the organic section and they re currently Feb 2011  in the proces of remodeling too  which is both annoying  now  and exciting  for the future .\n\nPROS:\nAlways seems to be decent parking available;\nThey have those cute little double-tier carts;\nOrganics section;\nWine Vending Machine  that s freaking awesome--Yay  Pennsylvania  ;\nLots of Self-Check-Out lanes;\n\nCONS:\nSometimes the staf is  a bit cranky  but that can occur anywhere   i guess ; 
As far as GE s go  this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is wel organized. You can find  a lot of ethnic ingredients you can t get at other GE stores. They also offer  a wine kiosk  hot bar  salad bar  and bulk olives.  I would venture to say this is better than the market district. 
Waterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they ve expanded and reorganized   I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie  There s  a wine kiosk  suck it PA liquor laws   you can buy crazy expensive  6 packs  cheese market  bakery  salad and hot bar  butcher  florist  dry cleaners  international foods  pharmacy  and  a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have  a sufficient number of lanes open  and it doesn t get nearly as crowded as Market District.  I do wish  a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion  but you can t always get what you want   I suppose. 
You re getting an extra star for two solid reasons. \n\nOne is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again  and  a bit fancier . Two  and the most important part  this iggle has the best quality and wel made sushi out of any Iggle s out there  Believe me  I ve eaten many  a rainbow rol from many different locations around the Burgh and nothing has compared. Dare  I say  it s as close as you get to going to  a good sushi restaurant. Bold statement  right  \n\nI just love me some sushi and want it often  quick and convenient and this serves al those purposes with upholding the quality. Need  a quick sushi fix  This place is it  
This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I ve ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market  and was pleasantly surprised with the selection.  I got Beemster Vlaskas  an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot. 
This place has amazing selection when it comes to some things and zero selection when it comes to others. We popped in here  a couple times over the weekend  I spent in PIT and both times they didn t really have what we were looking for. Visit Liquid smoke. Visit Hawaiian rolls.  I know these items must exist in PA just not \n\nThey did however have crazy selection when it came to things like..corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it. My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available. To bad that wasn t what  I was there for. 
oddly enough  of al the giant eagles  i have visited in pittsburgh  this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i ve used for most of my life  outside of pittsburgh . the location is clean and the staf are friendly.  i sometimes resent having  a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment  as many of the items that  i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever  i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time   i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here  although they may not carry al the groceries that i d like. 
This is  a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab  a quick bite from the prepared foods section  but  I was rather impressed by how clean it was. It was  9 oclock at night  and they stil had  a huge section of prepared foods available. The Starbucks inside was closed  probably due to the fact it was  a Sunday night  but that is another plus  
I m with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being  a pretty Giant Eagle and  a Cafe with  a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you  Waterfront Giant Eagle  are not bad and pretty close to where  I live. 
 I drive near this Giant Eagle on my daily commute  so  I shop at this location approximately once/week. The location is pretty  and the beer selection is descent. They carry my favorite lambic  so  I really can t complain  They also have  a very nice health and beauty section. Overall  they usually have the products that  I need.\n\nMy only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes  but generally only 5-8 open at  a time.  I always dread checking out  and whenever  I se that checkout lines look relatively clear   I hurry around the store and quickly gather the products that  I plan to buy. 
 I found everything  I needed and  I liked the expansion  the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke which made my hubby very happy. \n\nGreat store. 
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing of for the sake of convenience once  I really should have known better . Never again. My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide  however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger. The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins. Being that it s  a pencil skirt designed to have  a blouse tucked in  there s no way that  I can wear it again. This was an expensive skirt  completely ruined. Very disappointed. Again  this review is just for the dry cleaners. The rest of the store is actually better than  a lot of other GE s I ve been to in Pittsburgh. Just don t take your dry cleaning here. 
I ve stopped by here  a few times  most recently tonight  to pick up random groceries. This store is located next to one of the bike trails that  I frequent  hence its convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.\n\nOn the positive side   I appreciate the size of this store and the selection of products. In terms of size  it s larger than the Shadyside Market District  my normal grocery store  hence my standard of comparison   and I d say the product selection is very similar. Unlike the MD  when I ve visited  the aisles have seemed fairly empty of customers  which may be due to the times of my visits  usually between 7-8pm   as wel as the size of the store. Because it s not  a Market District  the prices are  a bit les expensive  which is nice.\n\nOn the negative side  the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customers and/or employees  despite that I ve only purchased  a couple of items at  a time. The \"express\" lanes move at the speed of molasses  and the self-checkouts are even worse. Speaking of which  this store has *way* to many self-checkout lanes  about  a third of the lanes   and the non-expres ones with the belts are unintuitive.\n\nPrior to tonight   I would have awarded this store  a rating of  4 or perhaps even 4.5. However  checkout tonight was even more of  a PITA than it usually is. None of the normal expres checkout lanes were staffed with cashiers  despite that  I saw at least one employe loafing around talking to another. So   I was forced to use one of the many self-checkout lanes. Normally   I don t mind this  esp. when I m only purchasing  a couple of items  but the empty self-checkout lane that  I spotted was one with  a conveyor belt  and  I couldn t figure out how to use it  not that it mattered  since  I had only one item  but the self-checkout lanes must be operated using  a very specific procedure--se below . So   I moved over to one of the expres self checkout lanes  similar to those in the Shadyside MD   which  I knew how to operate. However   I stil managed to bungle the proces since  I forgot to scan my one item *before*  I put it on the scale that doubles as  a bagging station  so  I had to wait for one of the ever-so-slow employees to come over and key in an authorization code so  I could pay.\n\nI m not sure if the self-checkout stands that GE uses are standard in the industry  since I ve never used them anywhere else  but  I *hate* the whole weighing/bagging process. In order to use the self-checkout stations  each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale  and if the weight isn t correct for any reason  including using your own bag   an employe is summoned to check it.  I assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting  but  1  it s  a major PITA for both customers and employees;  2  most of the employees  including the one  I dealt with tonight  don t care  and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining why they were summoned; and  3   I doubt most shoplifters pay for any of the items they re pilfering--they most likely just stuf them into their purse  clothes  etc. and walk out  /rant\n\n3.5 stars. 
Just about every you need.\n\nWith great hours   a solid hot bar  sushi  if you re into that    a dry cleaning service  pharmacy  tons of produce  bakery and butchers counter you can t go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front.  I always have to walk to  a lane and hunt for  a basket then double back  super annoying. \n\nThat said its  a small  and easily repairable  hint  issue that shouldn t keep you from visiting. 
 I don t know why  but  I just can t like this location very much.  I lived in the area for  a little over thre years and would always go to another GE before this one. Maybe it s the way it s set up or maybe it s the way that the lighting seems so very dim.\n\nThe selection is typical for any GE  broad and expansive. Some prices are  a bit steep. \n\nThis location  like many others  has expanded their pharmacy/health care area. Which is nice  it saves an extra trip to  a drug store. 
One comfy seat in the entire place  but they have  a cafe  they have good books to look at  and they are open until 11pm.   Why an APPLE PURSE of course  And  a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure. Wow..I love this place.  I am such  a nerd..only  a nerd would enjoy going to  a book store and reading as much as  I do. The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable. 
Like any Barnes    Noble  it has  a nice comfy cafe  and  a large selection of books. The staf is very friendly and helpful. They stock  a decent selection  and the prices are pretty reasonable. Obviously it s hard for them to compete with Amazon. However since al the smal shop bookstores are gone  it s nice to walk into one every once in  a while. 
 I stil cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores  As  a result of this  I have ended up spending  a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location. As with al Barnes and Noble stores it has  a cafe and  a decent selection of popular titles.  I am  a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other stores in this chain. \n\nThe bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through. The selection is ok in that it is wel stocked but sometimes  a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books  les popular titles are  a bit hard to find. The customer service here is pretty good.\n\nThey could use more chairs. 
Great Barnes and Noble location  and they have plenty of books that l help you pas the time. 
Barnes    Noble  it s like the Wal-Mart of bookstores. Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike. \n\nI m not quite sure whether I m in  a cafe  at  a newspaper stand   a book store   a CD shop   a movie house or  a flea market sometimes. With al the tables and shelves that you have to dodge it s  a bit hard to figure it out. Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.\n\nI don t know about y all  but I d rather buy my books from  a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than  a national chain like this. 
Such nice staff. \n\nI really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up  a new book. \n\nThe store has  a great selection and the staf are always helpful and kind. \n\nI really hope this store stays here for some. The prices are also fair and often have great discounts. 
 I find this location  clean and wel organized  but that s not the reason it s getting  5 stars  \n\nI called today to look into whether or not their May issues of magazines were out  I need them for my job  and Erin so kindly went checked on every single magazine  I asked about  \n\nNow that is customer service  \n\nWel done  wel done  
 I have to agre with Matthew  U on this one.  I do enjoy Barnes    Nobles but sometimes  i get lost just trying to find  a darn calendar.  I went here after  a dinner date with some neighbors and couldn t believe how packed it was. We had to wait 10 minutes just to find enough chairs to seat  4 people. We ended up stealing them from other tables. Not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minutes just to get an Ice tea lemonade.\n\nSo amidst al the books  newspapers and magazines they have an audio and video section. The prices aren t anything to rave about.  I can buy the same movies online for  a lot cheaper there s just the waiting period.  I do shop here sometimes for there discount books.  I found  a lot of great recipe and mystery books for really cheap  like under  5. That s  a pretty good deal but considering there is  a half priced book store who has  a great selection of books for literally half the price of retailers  how can you beat those prices. \n\nB N is more of  a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I d rather shop online for anything  i really want. It s just not worth it to buy it wholesale. 
This bookstore is absolutely packed ful of stuff  They have lots of books   a display of Nooks  DVDs and CDs  miscellaneous items like notebooks and calendars  and  a cafe. Though  a large assortment is nice   I feel like the space is very cramped.  I have purchased  a couple books from here  - which were pretty easy to find  - and have purchased food items from the cafe. \n\nThe cafe is not very impressive. I ve been pretty underwhelmed by al the food items that I ve purchased here.  I got  a slice of quiche here last night when  I only had 10 minutes before  a hair appointment at Ulta acros the street. Not only did they take  5 minutes to microwave it  but it also came out smelling burnt and burning hot. \n\nA little band was singing and playing  a variety of instruments while  I was here.  I wasn t very impressed until  I realized that they were high school kids.  I thought it as really nice that Barnes    Noble would let them perform in the store. and  a great way for B N to get  a lot of their family members in the store  too. 
Are B N not allowed to have lounge areas anymore   I used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chairs and sit there al day. but  I feel like within the last  4 years or so   I haven t been in  a single B N that had such areas anymore.  I love books and have always felt that B N can give you  a good deal. But I m not  a fan of this particular location because it s not that big. Although  it is pretty clean \n\nThe Starbucks area they have is okay. The starbucks employees in these types of locations are always not the best..but  I don t go there for the coffe obviously.  I do find it annoying that they don t take Starbucks giftcards though  -  I believe they take B N giftcards and you can also apply your B N membership discount.\n\nAlso  their bathrooms are pretty atrocious. If you can hold it   I would advise you to hold it.\n\nParking: the location is within  a shopping area..so  I wouldn t say it has it s own private lot per se  but it s an open lot and not actual  street parking.  
one of my favorite places to go in pittsburgh with friends. good place to chill  eat  drink and watch the game  and maybe some pool afterwards. the food is not bad  they have pretty good deals for those who are on  a budget. \"dollar burger night\" where you build your own burger is fun  but the patties can be dry sometimes  so remember to get them sauced. iceberg wedge salad is  a good salad to have  the wings arent as good as you would like   i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overal its  a nice place to go because it s cleaner than most bars you wil go and it serves better food than other places as well. 
Nice venue  good food  great beer  awful service. Staying at the Sheraton here I ve patronized Bar Louie  a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time  without exception. 
 I stopped here yesterday with Rob and Mat after golf to have  a few drinks prior to seeing \"The Hangover\" at Loews acros the street. Incidentally  \"The Hangover\" is one of the funniest movies I ve seen in years and worth the  10 to se it in the theater. Okay  back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice. There are plenty of hightops  plasmas and  a few booths. It s spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows. We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending  a pretty much empty bar.  I ordered  a guinnes as usual  Rob ordered  a long island iced tea and Mat had  a miller light. Make sure and tel them if you want  a top shelf tea else you l be getting the stuf in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob s long island tea and it was not that good way to much sours. The next one he ordered was much better after  a little guidance to the bartender. The bartender herself was okay  not to friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don t remember her name which is usually not  a good sign. We ordered  a few things from the appetizer menu. We started with the chips and salsa. The chips were crisp enough  but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were  a little of kind of looked like the color of pea soup. Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay  I gues the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions. He asked for  a side of mayo and they said they were out  which is bizarre because there is  a giant eagle  a couple blocks away. This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie s I ve been too. They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service. Maybe I m being to critical.  I tried to order the baked goat cheese  but they were out. So   I settled on the hummus appetizer. This was surprisingly pretty good. The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible. It s probably best to stick to simple stuf when dining here. Mat had the hot wings which  I tried one and it was okay  your pretty standard mas produced chicken wing. Al in al this place isn t that bad. If you want to grab  a drink before or after the movie and you re more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse. 
Fantastic food.\n This place is mainly  a \"bar\" and does get crowded but  I really like the pizza here. In fact I ve never had  a bad meal. The staf are ussually very helpful but it does get  a bit loud inside when crowded. 
Don t even think about not getting the pretzel dippers its pretzel sticks with honey mustard  cinnamon butter  and  a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were al delish.  I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1/2 of appetizers so  I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for  7 bucks as  a meal. The menu had  a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed  a pear and chicken salad. We didn t get drinks but some looked good. 
An absolute must if you re going to  a movie and want  a drink   3 drafts and  5 special martinis  and some half-of apps on  a weekday from  5 to 7. However  we were bothered that none of the special martinis actually resembled  a real martini. No gin or vermouth was used  it s mostly purees and champagne floats with flavored vodkas.\n\nAnyway  the smal plates made for good \"upscale\" bar food. Half-price apps make for  a cheap  but nice  dinner and  a movie  - great  great specials. However   I would not buy  a full-priced dinner here. Nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price. The baked goat cheese was smal but delicious  and the tempura fried shrimp was just right but the sauces didn t match up exactly.\n\nBe warned that the seats make you feel like you re going to be swallowed by them. Seriously  the booth was like sitting in the mouth of  a whale. 
The Pros: Great view of the city and river in good weather. \nLovely for loud large groups\nVaried menu with some original items\nGreat place to watch  a game inside with  a huge bar\nFun location\nGood place to take out of towners.\n\nThe Cons: The food when  I went yesterday was not great. We got the wrong sandwich  our order wasn t as described because the kitchen was out of \"lots of things\"  Tel us when we order  not when you deliver the meal without elements on the plate.  \nCan be loud--not  a place for  a romantic date..\nThe bathroom condition was really bad.\n\nThe server did comp up an appetizer  and they were friendly enough. they just failed to wow. \n\nThe view was great  and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to \"Pour some sugar on me\" seriously      Yes  Classy eh  
Went there on Saturday night following  a movie at loews. We sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their multiple large flatscreen tvs. Ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadillas. The calamari was crisp and plentiful the quesadilla however missed the mark. It wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey. The menu is large and reminds me of epcot with al the different ethnicities represented. gordan Ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight. Miller Lites are  4  a pop which was  a big downer as  i got my  85 bil for two apps and multiple miller lites. \n\nGreat atmosphere and probably  a fine place to watch the pens game.\nFood looks like its hit or miss\n\nAl in al would rather drive down the road to the south side for  a post movie food grub and tottie. 
The words \"epic fail\" get thrown around  a lot these days..but  I really feel like they apply in this situation.\n\nWe went on Friday  April  2 and arrived at 5:10pm. It was busy  but not crowded..no waiting for  a table. Half price apps and drinks - we ordered at 5:20.\n\nThe food  just appetizers  mind you..  didn t arrive til almost 6pm. Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow. We placed one order for  6 draft beers at 6:15..they arrived at 6:52. *37 minutes for beer.*\n\nBy 7:00  we were canceling food orders which we d given up on after waiting almost an hour. We just wanted to leave.\n\nInstead of comping anything  they added 18  gratuity to each of our bills. Uh yeah. Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back. We finally were able to leave around 7:30.\n\nBar Louie: You are dead to me. 
 I had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get  a quick bite to eat before seeing  a movie acros the street. The place was near empty and there were thre waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks  and it took them 15 minutes to come..no  not alcoholic drinks  two waters and an iced tea. This should have been  a bad sign  but at this point we ordered food.\n\n20 minutes go by..we flag down our waitress  to let her know that we need to get to  a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in  a few minutes. Another 20 minutes  stil no food  and our waitres is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress  she says she wil find our waitress  who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn t even realize our food hadn t arrived  well  you never even checked on us  so of course you didn t . After speaking with the kitchen staff  she informs us that she \"definitely\" put our order in so it \"must have been given to someone else by mistake.\" Because they wouldn t have noticed that that WASN T what they ordered  Seriously \n\nThe waitres told us she could give us our food for take out and  since we were starving  we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later  our food and the bil arrived. Al that was comped was the iced tea  and we got some fre utensils and wetnaps. How generous  We shovelled what we could into our mouths  did NOT leave  a tip  thankfully  we didn t have the added gratuity that John had   and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part   I opened the wetnap  and it was totally dry. Of course.\n\nHowever   I gave this place two stars instead of one. That s because my food  when  I finally got it  was perfect.  I had the Greek burger and it was huge  cooked exactly how  I like it  with delicious toppings.  I really wish  I could come back here for the food but..hel no. 
Service has always been good and the food consistent  we usually come for happy hour when apps are half of and there s some great deals on drinks as well.\n\nThings that stand out to me: veggie wrap  fried zucchini  hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter  and house salad with ranch  their ranch is so good  I could eat it with  a spoon  
Let me just say that this used to be  a place  I loved.\n\nRemember when you d go somewhere and have good food  great service and  a general pleasant experience and then  a few months you d go back and have it al again  Wel one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in  a way that you can t describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me  that is Bar Louie\n\nI can t say the food is bad.  I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale.  I wil say  I stil ate them so shame on me. My sandwich  the Mario  as always was very good.\n\nNow here comes the bad:\n\n1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE.  I felt like we were eating on top of  a garbage dump. At one point  I had to get  a new drink because one flew in my beer.  I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.\n\n2. The place is enormous and they had one  very nice  but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have  a heart attack because she never stopped moving.\n\n3. Because of number two our service in general was not good.  I can t totally blame the girl she did the best we could.  I mean. I ve played Diner Dash on my iPad   I know what happens when  a place fills up to quickly when you are the only one working.\n\nIt s sad when  a place you love turns into  a place you never want to go again.  I think I m being very generous by giving it two stars but because  I used to love it so much  I can t rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better  but like an absente father it l just let me down again. 
We were going to se  a movie that started at 9:40pm. The  2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30. We sat outside  and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping  a waitres but was told  this isn t my table . Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle  and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka. After about 15minutes another waiter  maybe the manager  I don t know  asked if we had been waited on. We said yes  and told him we had been waiting. He left  and another  different  waitres came to bring us our drinks. they were wrong. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and  I was given  a Sam Adams. \nThey took these back  and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served. We told them to bring another round and the check. It was 20 minutes before they returned. and they forgot the check.\n\nBy this time we had to go to be on time for the movie. my date asked for the check again so we could leave. finally they brought it and  I gave him my card  when he came back we signed it and left in  a hurry to catch the movie.\n\nfor  2 bottle beers  and  2 pineapple juice  + vodka  I was charged  31.03.  I didn t have time to complain or ask.  I won t be going back. 
Food was ok. Waitres was  a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my  7.0 beer. Only got it after  I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as  a local commodity. 
Although  I wouldn t travel out of my way to have dinner here  this is  a resturant that  I enjoy having  a meal at  when  I am in the Homestead water front. On al of my visits here  I have enjoyed the tempura shrimp. The dipping sauce are to die for. I ve found myself craveing the tempura shrimp  and the accompanying sauces. \n\nThe first time  I ever had dinner here was as  a birthday dinner with me and my big sister. So this resturant has sentimental value to me.  I attach eating here to having  a special night out in the Waterfront. \n\nBar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food  that is. 
When the ratio to wait staf to diners is 3:1 you d think you could get service  \n\nNothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staf and hungry patrons.  I very rarely walk out of  a restaurant with out having eaten first.  I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn t have drinks in the 15 minutes  I was there  I counted  9 waitres again  I counted  9 waitresses and not  a one of them came over to our table to get even  a drink order. Just from the looks of it  I could tel staying any longer would be  a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitres counting we left with empty bellies. 
 I was looking to get out of the apartment on  a really nice  sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. Al around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.\n\nI am giving it one star  though it deserves none  because our waitres was nice  if  a bit inattentive  and the hummus ap we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves  a lot to be desired.\n\nThis is probably the first place I ve been to where they charge  10 and up for al mixed drinks. To me  that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant  as much as they wish they were  and paying almost  60 for thre drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined. \n\nAs  I mentioned the waitres was friendly  but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough.  I really wanted to like this place because of things  I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good  but if it want to spend that kind of money  I l go somewhere that  I can get good service. 
 I came here last night to get  a few appetizers before  a movie  and was hoping to be able to write  a review on the food. Unfortunately   I cannot because the service was so bad that  I left before  I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for  5 minutes and not being acknowledged  we thought that they might not be able to se us  and so we moved to  a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar  grabbing  a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy  but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks  - everyone was seated and I m sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes  I timed it  -  I am not exaggerating   and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tel us he would be with us when he could  but despite staring him down almost the whole time  we could not even make eye contact.  I hope this is  a fluke but wil probably not be back to find out. 
Went here for drinks and nachos and it is  a very nice establishment. The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but  t be expected in  a setting like this place. There are fire places outside on the patio  a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is  a very nice cozy setting upstairs. Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up. 
The absolute worst service  I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt. And  in looking at other reviews   I am not the first. There are many options at the Waterfront  and  I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place  
I ve eaten just once  mostly  I go for drinks. Nice  lively place  nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.\nDrinks are good  service is good.\nLocation is great as well  right acros the movie theater. 
love the ambiance and food  
 1 burger night on Tuesday. Ad ons more. 
haha only came here once for happy hour  but  i am just pleased with the price.  i gues coming from ny  anything would be better price wise.  3 for draft and  a big selection of beers so good times. also it s right acros the theater so it s  a good place to go and chil before the movie starts. which is exactly what  i did haha. 
It was the first time that  I went to this location. We sat outside and it was  a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries. For the price of the burger  I expected something much better. It was  a very thin burger when it came to the meat. As  a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it. In addition  their drinks are expensive  Just one cocktail could run between  10- 12 and they aren t very large. Our waitres spent more time talking to her friends at the next table than actually tending to our needs. There are enough restaurants at the Waterfront that  I don t know that  I wil come back here. 
 I personally enjoyed my recent visit to Bar Louie with  a friend but completely understand the poor reviews on help. The restaurant is pricey for what it is  and our waitres was  a bit lackluster.\n\nSo why does Bar Louie get  3 stars  Happy Hour and  a nice patio \n\nHappy Hour is on Monday-Friday from 4-7pm and offers lots of different options -  3 Drafts   4 Wines   5 Martinis  and 1/2 Price Select Appetizers and Flatbreads. My friend and  I ordered  4 Martinis and  3 Appetizers between the  2 of us  and our bil was les than  40 total. Not bad \n\nI ordered  a Strawberry Peach Bellini and  a S Mores Martini  and both were tasty. We shared Bruschetta Pomodoro  Spinach    Artichoke Dip  and Roasted Vegetable Flatbread. The food was also good  and  I would order al thre items again in the future.\n\nMy recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at  Happy Hour  and only frequent the restaurant at those times  
This is one of those places where the presentation is nice  but the taste is to ordinary. Friends and  I went here for happy hour  starting at 5pm . They claimed to have  1 draft   5 mixed drinks  and half of appetizers. When we got there  we realized the happy hour special only applies to certain items  so pretty much the discount was pointless. We ended up spending  a fortune on beer and mediocre appetizers. \n\nI only had appetizers here so  I can t really judge them for their entr\u00e9es  but  I wil rate according to my eating/drinking experience.  I got the spinach artichoke dip. It was  a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing. For  a dip  it had way to many obstacles built in to it.  I don t know what they did with the artichoke  but it was super fibrous..I felt like  I was chewing grass. \n\nOverall   I would not recommend this place unles you have money to make it rain. Food was way to average for the high price. 
This place was pretty good food  but the service however was just horrible. As  a friend said they hire for looks  not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get  a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table ful of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn t even attended to until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off. \n\nThe food was pretty good  but because of the service  I won t be returning. 
As far as chain restaurants go  Bar Louie is ok.  I really like their appetizers and their salads  but  I don t care for their burgers or pastas. Their drinks are ok. They re normal corporate restaurant drinks..i.e.  Applebees.\n\nService is hit or miss. Last time  I went   I had just fine service. The time before that was also just fine. Sometimes the server is  a little spazzy and seems new or doesn t know wtf he s talking about.  Once   I went and ordered red zinfandel and he brought me white zinfandel and argued with me that it was red zinfandel.  I had to explain to him that white zinfandel can be confusing because it is  in fact  pink.  I stil don t think he believed me. It would ve been amusing if it weren t for the fact that it was actually annoying . \n\nThings  I like: calamari  pretzel sticks  wedge salad  some of the sandwiches. Things  I dislike: frozen burgers they sel for  1.\n\nGreat to stop in right before  a movie at Loews  though  :-  
Servers are chatting  not paying attention to tables.  I can se my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever. 
 I must say  my experience last night at Bar Louie was wonderful.  I was hesitant to go because of the other reviews here  but my husband convinced me to give it  a try. \nThe place is seat yourself and it s LOUD in there.  I was  a little underwhelmed by that at first but  I got used to it and found myself enjoying the energy.\nOur service was fantastic. Courtney was great  - super attentive  brought our drinks out in les than  5 minutes  brought our food quickly  checked on us just enough. And the place was packed.\nThe drinks were perfect  just strong enough. We tried the Peach Lighting and the Tiki drink.  I liked the tiki thing better but that s just personal choice. There were real berries mixed into that one. Yum.\nOn to the food. My turkey/ham/Brie sandwich was delicious and my husband loved his burger. The highlight of the meal though was the Whiskey cake. Sonnet-worthy.\nWe l definitely go back again. 
One of my favorite places  and they have the Best Lemon Drop Martini s. Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent Superman  very handsome guy 
Meh   I just don t se the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers.  I gues this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after  a shift. It s always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater  they get traffic before and after movies. \n\nIt s expensive  the food is so so. Before  I get ahead of myself   I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good  but it s very easy to duplicate at home. It s equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and  a drop or two of Worcestershire and  a drop of franks hot sauce. \n\nTuesday is dollar burgers  5 until midnight  daily drink and happy hour selections  but even that s not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location  fre parking. At Station Square s location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.\n\nI m eager to se if this place sees  a huge drop in busines when Burgatory opens acros the street. 
 I am normally  a Bar Louie Fan  - my husband and  I LOVE the one in Tampa. This location needs  a lot of work. We went on  a Friday evening before  a show at the Improv. We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and  a quick bite to eat. We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received. We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up  but  I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full. There were also plenty of empty tables. This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction. But we grabbed  a table.  I am not  a clock watcher  so  I am not sure how long it took us to get  a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes. Then we got our drinks at 7:04. The only reason that  I know is because  I was looking at my phone because my husband and  I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour. That went out the window. When our friends for there; they ordered drinks. We finished them and left. The server was nice  that is not the issue. The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were. They had two bartenders on  I think  and not nearly enough cocktail servers. The server apologized for the wait on the drinks  but explained it away with \"this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped\". That is  a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before. Get more staff. We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time  not the fact that we did not get H pricing. Even though  in my opinion  they should have honored H pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55. We ended up going to the Improv and got food there. Bar Louie lost  a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they wil never get our Pittsburgh busines again or our friends who live there. 
We stopped here to enjoy  a drink before our movie. Our server  was friendly. My husband had  a margarita and my server suggested  a berry mojito to me.\nBoth drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol. After  I finished my drink   I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find  to my disgust    a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap  Ugg  Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap   She comped the drink but we won t be back.\nCan t speak about the food since we didn t have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have  a conversation without repeating yourself. 
 I can t even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for  a waitres to take our order  and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And  I have to be clear it was  a Saturday afternoon  maybe like 10 tables with people at them and  I saw  3 waitres walking around.  I think it s probably  a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant  especially since burgatory just opened acros the street. 
Man  haters gonna hate. Listen  y all  Bar Louie isn t fancy. It s just not and their extensive martini list won t fool me. However  the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent. The staf has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many  a summer day sitting  a table for four hours drinking dollar beers. As long as Bar Louie stil keeps having  1 Burger Days  Tuesdays  and  1 Beer Days  Wednesdays    I wil continue to be  a fan. FYI  It s  a fanatically cheap movie    dinner/drinks weekday date spot. 
The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in  a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics  
Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had  a cook that knew how to cook it correctly. Staf is ok no complaints drinks are good as wel 
Eh  this place was okay but it was sort of  a weird crowd/overal experience for  a Saturday night.\n\nBobby and  I came here after dinner and sat up at the bar. Tip: if you sit behind the taps  no one wil bother to acknowledge you exist. When we moved seats  we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minutes in our original seats. It wasn t al that busy  either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were  a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying to hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list. Maybe I m just salty about the wait. 
 I rather like Bar Louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before  a movie. Been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasions and both times had their appetizers. Note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from  5 to 7pm on weeknights  your pocket book wil thank you.\n\nThe two of us diners selected thre appetizers to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation  quantity  and quality.\n\nI would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari  breaded just right and not overdone . 
Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay  8 for  a glas of wine that is  a short pour and bottom quality. 
 I don t frequent Bar Louie  and  I really don t plan to change that any time soon. I ve eaten here and stopped in for drinks  a couple times over the years and  I just haven t been super impressed by the place.\n\nThe food has been decent  -  a few years back  I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it  glutton that  I am  - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never \"wowed\" me. And while  I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often  the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly  not to mention that  I think most of the drinks  I personally like don t qualify for the happy hour discount  which is disappointing. Once  I stopped in with friends after  a movie and one drink cost me  10 here. Not even  a large one  either  Sorry  but  I find that to be kind of ridiculous  especially since there s cheaper places to get drinks in the area.\n\nStill  the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced  so this place would be rated  3 stars in my mind IF  I could hear myself think when  I eat here. But good Lord  they re just so loud   I always leave with  a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool  Bar Louie. Not cool.\n\nSo while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places  - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront  I don t expect to be back in any time soon. 
My sons  a and  I came for Tuesday Dollar Burger Night. You can gat  a \"burger\"  beef  chicken  portabella  or turkey  in  a bun with lettuce for  a buck. Then you can ad toppings to complete your burger at  a smal cost-cheese 75 cents  veggies 50 cents  Artery Cloggers 75 cents  sauce 25 cents. Those are the headings and they have items listed under them-like  9 different cheeses. You can also get  a basket of tots or fries for  a smal price as well. \nMy burger was  2.25 after  I added toppings. Is it the best burger I ve ever had  No. But is it the best  2.25 burger I ve ever had  Yes. It s kind if  a Russian roulette as to how your burger wil come to you cooked. Mine was wel done and one if my son s burger had pink in the middle. We probably could have sent it back but we don t mind  a little pink. \nI love the tater tots  They are crispy and have the right amount of salt. Yummy  \nOur server was great and we l definitely be back. 
Great environment at night  Songs going on very lively  The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But  I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious  Absolutely loved it wil definitely go here again just for the flatbreads 
Great atmosphere and rather humble  especially for  a chain restaurant. The service is always friendly  even if they are busy.  I enjoy taking clients out for drinks there because of the enjoyable bartenders and wide array of drinks on their menu.  I highly recommend their chicken sliders and you have to try their tempura shrimp. \n\nBe sure to make  a reservation because they can get busy too  
I m not into waterparks as much as  I am into amusement parks.  I go to Sandcastle maybe once  a year. But my Chicago friend Catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after  a day at the zoo  we donned our swimsuits and came here. The main part of the park is closed in the evenings  but the Sandbar and the Sandbar Pool and the Hot Tub remain open for the 21 and over set. The Sandbar has  a great menu of food and drinks and has  a  6.0 cover charge to get in. Occasionally there s live entertainment.\n\nIt s hard to believe that before they built this place  it was the site of an abandoned steel mill. Actually  it was the railroad yard for the nearby Homestead Works. But after site-clearing and clean-up  they turned it into  a beautiful place to spend  a warm day or nice evening. The view acros the Mon is quite beautiful with  a wooded hillside on the other side. There s even  a boat dock  so you can arrive by river if you desire.\n\nI m glad  I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully  I l get another chance to come back. 
The evites are in the mail for the  2 for  9 special  You wil have to spend  24 on  a parking pass.  I signed up last year for this promotion and don t think  I got the passes worth. \n\nThe waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for  a hot summer day. There are just to many misses in my book though.\n\n1st of al Traffic is  a biatch  Be ready to sit on browns hil rd for  a very long time unles you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am. \n\nNext remember it is  a family park so there wil be lots of rude and bratty kids al over the place.  I m not  a mean kid hater  my experiences have been bad at the Sandbar pool. \n\nIf you do arrive early enough you wil be standing in the hot sun with  a gang of kids that WIL push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chairs with towels even though they won t use them because they run around the park al day.  I actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid.  I was like \"I m an adult and you need to have some respect.\" He pushed me and took al the chairs.  I only needed one and his mother did not correct him.  I was on fire and moved  a chair over from the back and he stil was giving me crap because  I moved the chairs over..THAT NO ONE was even there to sit in at the time. Damn  FOR REAL \n\nSandbar drinks are expensive and incredibly weak. Plus they are so sugary. If you do get  a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in  a few minutes. An Adult area would change al this.  I don t even care that I m getting splashed al the time  I do realize that I m at  a pool but it s hard to relax.\n\nIf you do get  a pas have  a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you re trying to go on the weekend forget it  The weekdays are bad enough. I m looking for  a better pool side lounge for this summer. 
It s fun  but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is  a bit to far from the wave pool and that makes for  a lot of shoes on/shoes of events. The lazy river could be much better.  I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries  as wel as the scenic location. 
How many times do you get to fal at 70mph  wearing only shorts  Sandcastle can make it happen.\n\nIf you re going  it s best to stop by Giant Eagle and grab you some discount tickets from the customer service desk.  25 is stil  a bit much in my opinion  but it s better than spending the ful  30.99.\n\nThere isn t much  I can think of that s in Sandcastle that isn t  a great time  except maybe walking around and scorching your feet on the boardwalk.  I personally am  a huge fan of some of the faster tube slides  and of course the massive speed slide. If you re looking for  a more relaxed ride  check out the Lazy River  or screw around in the big pool. There s also  a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.\n\nThere s also plenty of stuf for kids to do. But  I don t have kids  so  I don t know how al that is.\n\nThey do close at 7PM  which is  a bit early  so be warned: you definitely want to show up earlier in the day. BUT it s definitely  a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end  the lines disappear  and you can ride over and over. Win  
Sandcastle is  a mixed bag for the kiddos. On the one hand  there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are  a good fit for young \"riders\"  on the other hand  Sandcastle  like any city amusement park  attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood. \n\nUnfortunately that element doesn t particularly care about \"censoring\" speech for  9 year old ears  and worse  in the Mon Tsunami  about personal space  since the wave pool becomes  a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and  showing off  for the fairer sex  and that can be  a little dicey for the littler kids.\n\nHaving said that  it s stil  a good day at the park.  .  . cheese fries   a cool dip in the pool on  a hot day  some fun slides.  .  . \n\nI think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park. It is NOT policed particularly effectively. if you take smal children you have to be  a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings  paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity  \"accidentally\" bumping into people for  a reaction from their group. \n\nMOSTLY it s  a good time. Mostly. 
So the last time  I went to  a water park was probably when  I was in elementary school and didn t really know how to swim  .  I stil kinda don t. lol . Anyway  it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was  a traumatizing experience. Screaming    being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of  a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.\n\nSo to say the least   I was  a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling  I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.\n\nI seriously had SO MUCH fun here   I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool al day but with my bf  we hit up so many rides. tandem AND single rides   I feel like such  a big girl now  Definitely lean back while you re on those single donuts on the water rides  or else you feel like you re going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay.  I was expecting it to be so much more fun  but literally you just slide down  a dark tube into  a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it. \n\nThere was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for  a few seconds  then you land into  a pool where  a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about  3 times. It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was stil fun. The last dude threw me in backwards  Scared the crap out of me but it was fun : \n\nThe food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus  who wants to eat  a huge meal while in your swim suit. Me don t want no pot belly. \n\nOveral  I had such  a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way  we went on  a Saturday in early June and it wasn t as packed as  I thought it would be  So the lines weren t long at all. Also  go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save  a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don t forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet wil literally feel like they re burning from the ground. Now go of and have some fun  :  
We re lucky to have  a waterpark in the Burgh.  I have to keep telling myself that when  I want to complain about this place.  I DO think it s  a great place to take the fam or even  in my case  spend  a day relaxing. if you can  \n\nLet s do the compliment sandwich. Positive  - negative  - positive  \n\nThe negative.  I feel like Sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of Kennywood. They keep pouring money into K-wood  but Sandcastle stays the same year after year. Now  granted  I haven t been there in YEARS  but everything seemed the same as  I left it other than one new slide.  I haven t been there in about  9 years. One new slide in  9 years  Hmm..\n\nI se major places to improve. Especially the pool.  I honestly think the slides are great  although you could always ad more  they re stil fun. The pool. it s just packed. So packed that you d think they d ad  a second pool. Looking around it looks like they have the extra space. Maybe an adults only pool  Swimming with 20 zillion kids  plus adults drinking  yes  I like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool. but it s kinda weird being around so many kids  and you start to wonder how clean the water is.  I mean  20 zillion kids you gotta expect  a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool  \n\nThe sidewalks are also scalding hot. I d assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you d be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface. And I\"m NOT investing in those dorky water shoes  sorry  \n\nI m ALWAYS happy to se  a Potato Patch stand  Just as good as K-wood  They also serve chicken tender  which is nice if you want  a little meat to ad on. Nothing more is needed for me  Although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting  it was so hot out  I was just downing water by the gallons. You re also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food  which  I think is nice for families who want to save  a little mola. \n\nAgain  Sandcastle is so awesome to have in the Burgh  it would be nice to se improvements. It always seems packed in the summer months  so why not keep on improving it  Or maybe they think don t fix what s not broken.  I just may stick to  a cleaner  les pe filled community pool for my water fun fix  
Dont waste your time with this place. Long lines  overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the \"rides\" were shut down. You re better of with  a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with  a pool. 
 I LOVE Sandcastle. \nFirst  let me say that I m reviewing the waterpark  not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave. \n\nIf you are going to visit   I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on  a weekday. I ve attempted to visit on nice weekends before when the park has actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in. It gets CROWDED on the weekends  especially if the weather is nice. There aren t  a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh  so when there are nice days  people come out in droves  \n\nThe slides are  a blast  the lines are sometimes very long  but worth it. The lazy river is great when it s not wal to wal people.  I really enjoy the new Dragon s Den but the line is CRAZY long for it  They also have  a fantastic bar area  we have gone  a few times and enjoyed  a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun \n\nThey have several areas for smaller children  which are al fantastic. \n\nIf you are visiting  trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets  because these can get really pricey. You can also do  a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket  where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It s  a fantastic deal  but boy could that be exhausting  
okay  so it s not as fun as kennywood but  i gues it s stil cool. \n\ni planned ahead  a day to go for me    bobby  his first time  it was supposed to be nice day  but the weather changed in  2 weeks. \n\nwe picked  a nice time. since it was literally supposed to rain al day  there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour. then we went to head to the lazy river-    it was closed  they said it was closed due to not enough attendence  but  i mean come on. we stil paid  70 for  2 people to come in this park where  i just rode everything in one hour. keep the lazy river open so  i can kil an hour  aah. the clif hanger was also closed- like always. \n\nso we just went and rode everything again. the Dragon s Den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is as well. bobby had  a blast on the speed slides.  i have to admit though   i do mis the regular body slide. \n\nanother reason  i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle was that the park was open until 7pm rather than  5 or  6 like regular days. wel actually at 4:45 we recieved  a \"15 minute warning\" that the park was closing at  5 due to rain. ugh   a little more time would ve been helpful. \n\ni couldnt hear the warning and asked an employe who said they were closing in ten minutes due to the weather and being under-staffed to stay open until 7. it started to rain at  5 and literally at 5:20 the rain was over  . the park could ve just shut down the rides until the rain cloud passed  but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks. which is fine because we get an another entire day  but  i mean it would be  a terrible inconvience from someone out of town who planned  a family day. \n\noverall  the smile on my boyfriend s face was priceless  but  i truly wish we could ve enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned. 
Sandcastle Water Park in P-Burgh was just \"okay\" for me.  I really think that this place is geared towards children more so than adults or \"family\" because there isn t much fun here for people older than 16. The water slides here were lacking. There were very few of them and the majority of them are boring. The last time  I was there  not to long ago  there weren t any extremely modern slides like  a tornado slide  so they really have some updating to do. \n\nThey do have an \"adult pool\" and bar area but it was so packed that it was hard to actually have fun in this area. The pool is very small  similar to one you d find at  a hotel chain. It has  a hot tub area but it sits about  8 adults max. and people were fighting tooth and nail to get in. It wasn t to impressive to me. \n\nThey also have  a lazy river at this park and  while  I do enjoy lazy rivers  this one was so packed that it was hard to breathe. People kept bumping into me and touching me and it made me grossed out. \n\nThe one attraction that  I did enjoy was the wave pool. It was crowded as wel but large enough to fit everybody comfortably. The water was nice and clean  a big plus  and the wave action was strong.  I could have stayed in there for the entire time we were at the park.\n\nOverall  this place is just mediocre. It doesn t \"wow\" me very much but if you live in the area  have kids  and are looking for somewhere to go in the summer other than the mall  it l provide them with  a lot of fun. 
Now here s  a place that knows what it is.  A place to ride  a few slides  relax on the lazy river  and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with Jesus tattoos and many children. \n\nCome for the slides  stay for the people watching. 
For some reason   I had  a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying  a new mattress. Maybe  I was just self-conscious about rolling around on  a bunch of beds in  a public place. \n\nABD Mattres quickly alleviated any idiotic fears  I may have had. The store was empty when  I arrived on  a Monday afternoon and  I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured. ABD has  a great selection of mattresses  and the prices cannot be beat.  I picked up  a ful plush pillow-top mattres for  a cool  375  without  a box spring or  a frame  since  I already had one . Better yet  Delivery is fre AND prompt. You pick  a three-hour timeframe  and the store wil cal you on the day of delivery to narrow it to  a one-hour slot so you re not sitting around al afternoon. 
I m  a mattres buying novice.  I also hate buying things that require you to try-before-you-buy.  I also seem to give explanatory information about myself before reviews. Anyway. \n\nI had  a lot of anxiousnes about buying  a mattress. If it s terrible  you l be spending  a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem.   Especially for something that can be as expensive as  a mattress  \n\nThese people were great. They patiently answered al of my mattres questions and treated me like  a valued customer  - both times  I called  the man on the phone remembered my name  and number   and took care of me.     they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me  a box spring in the SAME day. Within hours  even. They even helped me set up the mattres that  I DIDN T purchase from them  which blew me away. \n\nTheir professionalism and friendlines are excellent.  I wil recommend them to everyone who s in the market for  a mattress  especially students  because their student deals are fantastic. 
The only place to buy  a mattress.\n\nBoth my wife and  I and our daughter desperately needed new mattresses so  I decided to check this place out. We went on  a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones in the store. Le greeted us and showed us around the store. They offer mattresses  recliners  dinettes  daybeds  bunk beds and bedroom furniture. We found her  a great mattres at  a great price. While waking around the store my wife found  a Serta iComfort series mattres for us that felt like heaven to lay on. \n\nLe had told us about their fre 18 month no interest financing through Wells Fargo Bank  fre bed frame  fre delivery and set up of your new bed and fre removal of your old mattres and box spring which made it  a no brainer   I went in to only buy our daughter  a new mattres but  I bought us  a new one as well. No one can beat their prices   I compared the price of our new mattres to Levin  Macy s and Mattres Discounters. No one came close to the price we got at American Buyers. Everywhere else was double the price for just our mattres not including our daughters so it was like getting hers for free.\n \nTake it from me  when it comes to your sleep  DO NOT BUY  A CHEAP MATTRESS  We bought  a cheap  supposed Serta mattres in 2008 from Mattres Discounters. The boxed spring had to be replaced about  2 years after owning the bed.  I don t think  I wil have that problem again as our new Serta has  a ful 25 year warranty. \n\nA couple days later our daughters mattres was delivered first and about  a week later our new mattres was delivered. The delivery guys had our old mattres and box spring out and our new frame  box spring and mattres set up in les than 10 minutes.\n\nI highly recommend American Buyers Discount Mattres for al of your bedding needs. 
This is the most reliable car service  I have experienced in Pittsburgh. Amazing service. For the last four years  we have used them each week to pick up and drop of colleagues at the airport. They re always waiting by the Hertz counter  ahead of time  without fail. Even when the flight is early or had  a  3 hour delay. They charge about  10 more than  a yellow cab. If you have client you need picked up or dropped of at the airport   I would highly recommend First Class. \n\nMy first time in Pittsburgh  when the driver heard  I was on an interview  he even gave me  a fre tour of  a few neighborhoods in the city. 
 I agre with the other reviewers.  I tried these guys based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. \n\nI m  a grumpy New Englander  and have been frustrated by the smal town  easygoing/careles customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional  punctual  even in snow  . 
Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for busines and needed  a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp  and the reviews were not wrong. It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt. 
Ditto everyone else.  I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but  I had  a last minute work conflict and couldn t drive them.  I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn t great.  I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you re planning on getting  a cab to the airport  definitely use First Class. 
After reading glowing reviews on Yelp   I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment. 
Fabulous service al around. My husband was coming in on  a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning  and just before midnight on Friday   I realized  I wasn t going to be able to pick him up.  I called First Clas Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up.  I ended up speaking to Dave  the owner  and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request. \n\nMy husband initially went to the wrong meeting place  on account of his sleep deprivation :  so the company called me asap when he didn t show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and al went wel after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I d definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport  Thanks everyone  
Other people may have had  a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us. We had rented  a limo/bus for  a bachelor party. Our driver Scott  was completely clueles in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. Al of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip  a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scot that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really          We found that our bags had been rifled through and we al felt  a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to cal it  a night. More than half of our passengers didn t care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home. \n\nJust when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scot has driven al the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve al around us  Truly terrifying. After that  we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night. \n\nSo if you d like to book  a party bus that wil include  a geographically blind driver  unecessary police involvement   a near death experience and just an overal sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise   I would suggest staying far  far away  
So  I moved to Pittsburgh from Los Angeles.  I know  I know  I know \nAnyway so theres absolutely no places in Homestead that delivered Chinese so  I decided to walk down to the closest Chinese food/restaurant to my house. \n\nThe family that runs the restaurant is very friendly.  I read  a review about them on Google that said the mom looks like she might want to cook you alive. Don t believe it \n\nOn this visit  I ordered the Steamed Dumplings recommended by some reviewer on google..THAT LIAR  and the Vegetable Chow Fun.  I generally enjoy steamed dumplings but these dumplings to much dumpling little meat  werent so good. Theyl probably be sitting in my mini fridge tomorrow and I l force myself to eat them when  I have the munchies/starving to death. The Vegetable Chow Fun on the other hand verry yummy. Definately most have next time anyone decides to stop by. \n\nBut al in al the verdict is you typical Chinese Take Out Place.\n\n*puts the menu on the fridge* 
The worse \"Chinese food\"  even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad. Please don t eat this food. 
Not bad for neighborhood corner Chinese food. The Szechwan is not good. To much..ketchup  The wonton soup is good. Very good curry chicken with onion and happy family. \nEg rolls are hit or miss. Sometimes they can be  a little underdone. \nIs this the best place  No..but it does the trick especially for  a hangover cure. 
Meh  I ve experienced better is an understatement.\n\nFriday s is like the \"fine dining chain\" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh..\n\n1. When we were seated  it was quick which was  a surprise. Somehow this restaurant gets packed and  I never understand why.  I was happy about that.\n2.  I ordered one of their \"skinny margaritas\"  blackberry to be exact. It was  a nice size  however  at  6.00/pop  that was half of my food bill.\n3. The waitres started of attentive  but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered  a turkey burger with pickle and mustard. Loaded mashed potato on the side because  I wanted heartburn ha \n4. Food came. My burger had lettuce on it only. Waitres was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle.\n5. The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what  I was expecting. Disappointment.\n6. The waitres then went into oblivion and only returned with our check. \n\nNever again wil  I eat at Friday s.  I will  however  go should  a happy hour arise. 
Haven t been to TGIFridays for years and was never really  a huge fan.  I get tired of going to the same places al the time for lunch so we decided to try it out.  I must say that  I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and al of the delicious options.  I had the two for  10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips.  I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so  I opted for the French onion. It was okay but  I think that  I would get  a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and  I am stil craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues.  I wil definitely be back. 
This place. Is ok if ur grabn something quick . But they do have  a great happy hour tho 
Boo    It used to be happy and fun  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by  So sad. 
If  I were to describe this place in one sentence  I would cal it  a mediocre  and cheaper version of Bettis 36 on the North Shore.\n\nMy wife and  I won  a gift card in  a raffle. We went for lunch on  a Saturday. It was not crowded\n\nWe entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by  a nice server. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.\n\nOur server took our drink order and returned promptly. We got the pretzels with beer cheese appetizer and we each got  a hamburger.\n\nOur food arrived promptly and the appetizer was \"fine\". 10 years ago  I would have called it good or better but time has marched on and expectations are higher then they once were.\n\nThe same goes for the main course. The fries were unremarkable but decent as were both burgers. \n\nThe bil was also fair. The meal with two drinks and an appetizer was reasonable for what we got. The server was pleasant and attentive. Al in al this Fridays as  a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.\n\nI would return here for lunch like  I did today. 
I m not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the \"chain\" expectation. \n\nI order the Jack Daniel s chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.\n\nFortunately  we had  a very nice and charismatic waiter and al of the staf was very friendly. \n\nI d recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day. 
Everyone s been to Fridays  I am sure  but  I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it s delicious. My children love Fridays it s usually there 1st choice.  I also love the Cajun Chicken    Shrimp Pasta very very good. 
Dining outdoors after  a bike ride on the rail trail. Just the right venue for that.\n\nJack Daniels ribs and shrimp. The ribs were divine. The shrimp not quite there - I d say they were overdone. \n\nOur server  Ed  was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary. Not only did it come with  a celery stalk in it  he brought over more celery. Yumm. 
 I had  a gift card so  I decided to use it for  a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average  
Went with  5 others for  a weeknight dinner. The server was very friendly  but seemed  a little overwhelmed. Maybe they were short handed. The food was to me not even average.  I ordered  a burger  which very overdone and dry. Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it. My friend ordered nachos and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shells down the middle  then put cheese and one jalape\u00f1o slice on each piece. Imagine  6 half-moons of taco shell. Not like any nachos I ve ever seen  and more importantly not even the way they were served the thre prior times my friend had ordered them. 
This place is kind of  a hybrid of Applebee s and CPK  which isn t to say it s bad  but nothing to rave about either.  I got their slider meal  which was tiny  for me  and my friend got their steak  which was way tiny . The food was fine and the service was okay  but really felt like an Applebee s knockof  and Applebee s isn t even worth knocking-offing anyway . \n\n3 stars 
Good food. \n\nI gues one reason  I like this place is they don t hide how bad the food is for you. There is  a little Kiosk with al the calories right by the door. Al in al  I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them\n\nThe steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.\n\nService is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat 
 I didn t know what to expect when  I walked in  but  I am now  a fan. There is  a cool way to review the menu on  a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count. \n\nThe place looked nice. It was clean and really cool looking. The food was really good and our waiter was nice and friendly.  I wil be going back to try their pizza and other food. \n\nWe had  a burger  which was really good  and we had the lobster slider. French fries were good to. 
 I don t care what Cub and Bulls fans think  this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not al that. First  the crust tastes like  a biscuit  and biscuits belong nowhere near or on  a pizza.  I wil give UNOs  a thumbs up on it s flatbread  it s better pizza than some pizzerias In the area.   Chicagoans don t know how to eat hot dogs either  
Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It s the only place that I ve found that even comes close to  a classic Chicago style deep dish.\nI also had the french onion soup that wasn t bad. The croutons were stil crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.\n\nMy girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she d come back just for the salad.\n\nOverall   I enjoyed it and would come back the next time  I get  a craving for  a deep dish pizza. It wasn t authentic but it certainly was not terrible. 
 I really don t know why  I bother with chain restaurants anymore. Now that my palate has matured and  I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine   I really can t find anything to eat in  a place like this. \n\nMy husband and  I were running errands at the Waterfront  and we needed to find  a place for lunch. We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us. My husband is  a meat lover  so  I agreed to let him order us  a meat-covered pizza. To counteract this  a little   I ordered  a tomato mozzarella salad  so we d at least have some vegetables in the mix. \n\n  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement  I don t know about  It s baffling. 
Awful everything. From the bad service  to the diluted soup  to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad  to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE  
 I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy  peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said   I really don t understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald s has done to hamburgers  Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza  Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza  and Taco Bel has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:\n\nFrench onion\nChicken bites\nPizza with pepperoni  hamburger  and romano\n\nLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature  the food just was not good. Don t get me wrong  this is not the worst pizza  I have ever eaten  but this chain is  a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed  overhandled  and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. \n\nI really never want to return. 
Food was ok had  a steak w/ shrimp side As mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not  a lot of flavor. 
Came here on  a Monday night. Boy was the place dead   I was the only only Customer at 8:30PM. Ordered  a thin crust pizza with extra cheese  pepperoni and mushrooms. It was pretty good. Could of used more cheese.  I wasn t in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza. This is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other locations in the US. It was just like the others. The Caesar salad with anchovies was very good. The service was very poor. My waitres spent  a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess. It was  a chore to get water refills from her. \n\nThey have big screen televisions in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant. 
 I ate here at around 8:0 on  a Saturday night. Reading the other reviews  it makes me wonder if people were  a the same restaurant  I was. Sure  it isn t  a world clas dining establishment  but it is decent considering it is  a chain. You should know that going into any chain  really. It was basically exactly what  I expected in terms of food quality and price.\n\nWe were greeted immediately upon entering  and while the hostes went to grab menus  another server asked us if we were taken care of. Service at our table was very attentive and water and other beverages were promptly refilled.  I ordered soup and two appetizers instead of an entre or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in which  I would prefer receiving my food. \n\nMy fiance ordered  a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food items. It was quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it.  I had the potato skin appetizer. It reminds me of  a \"baked potato pizza\" that  I used to enjoy at  a local place back in Buffalo. It was delicious  especially with the addition of  a little bit of hot sauce.\n\nOverall  it doesn t even come close to visiting an Uno s in Chicago  but then again  when does  a copy every live up to the original  It won t be  a regular location in our dining rotation  but it is good to know that when we have  a craving for deep dish  Uno wil do the trick and cost  a lot les than  a trip to Chicago. 
My girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday.  I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria which was amazing. Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the  4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot. My two friend had salads which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering  a pesto chicken pizza. Let s just say there wasn t any food left on the table when we were finished.  I wil be back for sure. 
Pizza ok on it s own nothing great  . Definitely not worth the restaurant price. definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related or are they just using their name and trademark. 
The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is to expensive. For  2 personal pizzas  the size of pizza hut   2 beers and  2 salads  we paid over  50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were  1 each. If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers  or sandwiches. this place is good. 
Wel this visit started of good.  I was seated right away  no wait. Was given  a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza  but with no onions. Now after we ordered  it just went downhil from there. Was never asked if  I wanted another beer  the waitres just gave me more water. My pizza stil had onions in it. Which  I stated right of the bat  that  I didn t blame the girl who took my order.  I know cooks can t read.  I was one for many years. Mistakes happen  and the manger took care of it and took the item of my bill. NO complaints  stil ate the food and it was good. Just not  a fan of onions on my pizza. \n\nNow onto the bill  the server continues to tel me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to ad onions.  I already said it was taking care of and there s no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday  and if  I felt like leaving al my money as  a tip  it wouldn t go unnoticed.  I took this as  a joke as  I had told her earlier  I worked in the industry. When  I hand over the gift card  I had on hand  she comes back and again repeats herself  tells me that cash as  a tip is preferred as she doesn t have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if  I felt like leaving her al my money  she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully  I am very clear on it. No server  and  I mean NO server anywhere  should ever ask  a guest or customer for  a tip  yet alone  do it twice  So out of kindness  which  I shouldn t have left anything by this point.  I left  a nice tip for the cost of what food  I did have to pay for.\n\nBottom line  the food was good for the price  but the service from this one person as  I don t know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible. 
 I think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.\n\nBathrooms unkept  entry door handle and windows filthy\n\nPizza had to much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse  not refined\n\nServing items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hot\n\nLow quality  but probably ok with pittsburgher  s 
Unos has been around for ever      I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80 s. Honestly the decor inside stil kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.\n\nIf you haven t died and he recently  I ordered you to come back and have  a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good \n\nThey have the best chicken salad wrap ever   I love that rap so much  I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice al the way to the damn waterfront just because  I knew that  I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch. Ful disclosure:  I made him cal is  a cab and we took  a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.\n\nListen. The food and pizza and service are very good  surprisingly so   I don t know why this place is not busier but next time you re down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here  
Al in favor of  a deep dish pizza say I ..II  ok now that  i have that out of my system. This place is such  a great hangout/eat-in spot.  I hadn t been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening.  I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.\n\nWe arrived on  a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get  a table which wasn t bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza  pasta  appetizers  seafood  burgers  salads and sandwiches. \n\nAfter ordering two mango lemonades that were way over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten fre which is tough but UNO s gave us  a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus  They make  a thin crust gluten fre pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and  I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with  a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had  a little to much dressing on it.  I didn t complain  it stil tasted great.\n\nI m not into red meat so  I tried to order  a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef  but the ran out of black bean and they couldn t get the chicken so  i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with al the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but  i couldn t get over the taste of the burger because it just didn t have any flavor. Very saddening.  I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat.  I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only  a smal amount. \n\nWe came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms  parmesan and  a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what   I wil probably always eat this pizza whenever  I come. \n\nOnly down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was  a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor  
Wham   4 stars outta the park  The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing.  I wasn t crazy about the avocado eg rolls  but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service to from Maranda   a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended. 
Pizza is  a staple for me.  I love everything about crunch crust   a nice rich tomato sauce  and  a thick layer of melted cheese.  I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles  Uno s was right there so we decided to try it out. \n\nOnly  a 30 minute wait for  a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at  a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was  a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint  the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news  only happened twice \n\nThe four of us decided to order two pizzas  the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market.  I also ordered  a Caesar salad because  I needed more vegetables in my life. \n\nThe salad. It was  a big salad that  I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy  it was vinegar based and had  a little bit of  a \"bite\" to it as Chris kept on saying.  I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy  but who am  I to say. The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like  I requested. \n\nThe main dishes came out about 10 minutes later.  I do not know what  I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as  I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But   I was soon to se that even if they are  a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. \n\nThe Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions  spinach  SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES  regular tomatoes  eggplant  pesto as  a sauce  and  a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that  I stole Chris  extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetnes to the pizza that  I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was  a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us  My eyes deceived me at first with the size  \n\nThen our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza    Matt  the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in  a really large  bigger than our pizzas  dish. It had thre scoops of icecream on it with  a pile of whipped cream. WARM  right out of the oven  fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens  it was good.  I am glad that  I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. \n\nChicago Pizza   I would absolutly try again. 
 I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good  The individual size was smaller Than  I expected for  12 but  I wasn t starving so it was very filling. Our waitres April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was. We had about  a 30 minute wait but it was worth it   I can t wait to try it again  
My friend and  I have never eaten here before so last night we decided to check it out. For  a Thursday it wasn t that crowded and we were seated promptly. There were plenty of flat screens and warm lighting that made the place cozy. We ordered  a thin crust pizza: on one side there was chicken  hamburger and pepperoni  for him  while the other side had just pepperoni  for me .  I was expecting the pizza to be bland and warm but it was surprisingly hot and savory.  I even tried  a slice of my friend s pizza and the hamburger and chicken were moist  not dried out. This wasn t bad for  a first visit so  I wil definitely be back in the future to try more menu items. I m only giving Uno  4 stars because the waitres brought us  a plate that stil had old food stuck to it. Hello  The plate was yellow  How could she not have seen that   
Well  it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had  - to tiny portion  \nWe were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not al good. Bad bad service. First of al we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn t even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn t ask for it  we wanted to order more .\nLater when we talked about this in the front  the girl there also just listened and said \"okay\"  not even  a sorry once  \nI would not like to go there again. :  
While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead. My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno s Pizzeria    Gril as the food was delicious. When we arrived  I had to admit that  I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place. It was fairly crowded for  a weekday but we were seated in les than ten minutes. The waitres was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering al our questions with ease.  I settled on  a Turkey  Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times. They have  a variety of dishes guaranteed to please al ages. The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS  The portions were just right for lunch   I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping. The four of us had items of the Two for  U lunch menu  our bil was les than  30 which meant that  I might could afford the shoes  I wanted to buy  My aunt was right  you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria    Grill  it is FANTASTIC  
Nope  
Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very wel 
It gets  5 stars cause it jogs up  a memory. Back before Pizza Hut turned into  a fast food restaurant  the Pizza Hut my grandfather used to take me to was  a really nice restaurant. And this location has the same look and feel as the old pizza hut before it went take out. \n\nSo this is the old style pizza hut. \n\nVery family orientated dining style. You can sit here for hours. And so we did. We had  a heap of use in  a long table.\n\nI ordered one of the smal pizzas which were buy  1 get one free. Disappointed in the selection of that. Seeing other choices.  I regretted going on the cheap. \n\nPrices are moderate. 12 for  a little pizza. but with al the dough  you get full. Can t say  I walked away hungary. Nor did  I finish my second mini pizza. \n\nI want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza  
Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unles you get  a  2 for 12 but that s not what the online menu states. And it s  a salad come on. 
Last week was my first visit to this place. The raspberry tea was amazing. We got the ap sampler  it was very good except for the homemade guacamole.  I ordered  a side salad  hardly any dressing on it  and not very fresh.  I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli    grilled vegetables. Waited along time for the entr\u00e9e. The chicken was good but  a smal portion. The broccoli    veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp  it was good with good flavor. Might have just been who was in the kitchen that night so  I would give it another shot. 
Love the stores selection but HATE how the girls chase you around to tel you their sales. If  I wanted to know I d ask   
Interesting the reviews here are les than stellar already.  I would normally not review  a chain retail store  but the service  I received today just really got my blood boiling.\n\nI wil state  as  I always do in these types of situations  that  I have worked many years in retail.  I know what you re supposed to do.  I know the ways I ve displayed exemplary service and  I know the ways I ve slacked off.  I get it   I really do.\n\nSo I m in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn t matter what time you re there during the sale  it s always busy. \n\nI went through my usual bins and picked up  a mes of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and  I needed  a spot to go through things   I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick.  I actually always like to do this  just to shoot the breeze  but also to get their opinions on items I m buying. \n\nThe girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about  a bra and she said she didn t know about that one  but said it should work.  I understand  you can t try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter.  I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.\n\nSo I m going through my stuf and separating what  I want and don t want and she s sighing and grabbing things saying \"Soo  you DON T want these  \" Um  I m not asking you to help me sort things. I m not holding up  a line. I m just trying to not spend   on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in  \n\nAfter that  it s not exactly what she said  but how she acted.  I have never felt more uncomfortable in  a retail store before.  I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself  which  I really don t mind doing  but after she huffed and puffed   I didn t even want to deal with her . \n\nThe thing is   I was nice the entire time.  I don t expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sel some bras. If you come to work in  a bad mood  the real world is not going to give you  a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don t have to talk to anyone else ever. 
When  I lived in Los Angeles  a year and  a half ago   P  F Chang s was no great shakes  one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuf on the menu.\n\nHere in Pittsburgh  it s the only Chinese place I ve found that combines genuinely good service with quality food. Not  perhaps  as good as what you can get in LA s top places  but fantastic compared to its competition here.\n\nThe Kung Pao chicken is particularly good  with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles. Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.\n\nTheir fried noodle dish with chicken  whose name  I have forgotten  is addictive but has an od sauce  I don t quite like. Still  they get the friednes of the noodles right  and there are precious few . ahem . no other restaurants around here that do.\n\nPortions are small  so either plan to get an appetizer and an entre or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came. The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.\n\nIf you live in LA  forget  P  F Chang s. If you live in NYC  I m sure there are  a dozen better places on  a single block. But here in Pittsburgh  it s just about the best place around. 
 I hate this place.\nIt s very loud  the service is very poor  and the food is so-so.\nIf you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh  try China Palace  Shadyside  or Sesame In  Station Square or North Hills . They re quieter  with very good food    service. 
Any place that accommodates with  a special dietary menu for  a little known disease gets five stars from me. P.F. Chang s has  a dedicated Gluten-Fre Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease. They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don t know many other restaurants that go this far.\n\nAside from the menu preference   I enjoy my overal experience every time. Their menu is  a bit different than that of what most people wil be used to if you regularly eat  a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints. Don t expect this to be at al like that. It s not  a Buffet. They don t sel \"General Tso s\"  though Chang s Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar  it s my personal favorite  or other signature foods that you may expect. They do sel very similar items with different names and  a few of their own adjustments  just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure. They also sel Sake   I believe they have  a few different types. \n\nThe prices can get  a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it s wel worth it. Portions are excellent and the taste is great. I ve yet to have one complaint and  I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of  a few years.\n\nThe only downside  it can be  a little crowded and  a bit loud. It s also very dark because of their lighting. However   I think it sets the atmosphere. It can be  a romantic place or  a casual place  I ve been there for both. 
Wasn t terrible \nBut certainly wasn t great.\nSave your hard-earned cash. 
REDO \n\nI went to PF Chang s several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me. \n\nMy issue:  I thought  I was getting Chinese food. \n\nMy resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes  I actually like to eat.\n\nSo we returned to PF Chang s for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of  a Chinese restaurant. There were very few people in the restaurant. The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus. When our waitres finally arrived we ordered the following items:\n\nCoca Cola\nIced Tea\nPan fried pork dumplings\nSesame chicken lunch with white rice and eg drop soup\nChangs chicken with white rice\n\nOur drinks and my soup came out immediately. Unfortunately  I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before  I had  a chance to say anything.  I could se her acros the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times  but at no point could  I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn t know what it was and didn t want to know. Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked how the food was.  I asked if she could bring out some eg drop soup.  I didn t expect to get the stink-eye.\n\nMy eg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as wel as the caddy of different sauces and oils. The server really wasn t that into the experience  but again gave me the stink-eye when  I told her that mixing the sauces was unnecessary since  I knew what each of them was and would be able to mix them myself.  I mixed the rice vinegar  chili oil  chili paste  and soy sauce  my gues is that it was supposed to be tamari  to create  a dipping sauce for our dumplings.  I took  a bite of the soup and it was somewhat better than the other soup  but it was stil brown.  I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server. It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn t wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings  which had an okay flavor to them. The skins were  a bit thick and doughy. The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all. The sauce tasted  a little od so  I tried to remix and it was stil off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old  stale  or rancid. We finished our dumplings.\n\nOur lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy  but  I gues it came Pittsburgh Hot  super mild  and had  a lackluster flavor at best. The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang s chicken and was equally mollified. This was supposed to be their version of General Tso s Chicken. Now  I have never had  a General s chicken that was the same at any place. It is always different. Many of them are good in different ways. This food  though  it wasn t good. Chang s chicken fel into the same category as the Sesame Chicken - since it tasted mainly of soy sauce - with the addition sugar. \n\nI just don t understand how anyone can like this place. Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam s/Costco tastes better. 
Honestly  I m furious.  I enjoyed PF Chang s restaurants in the Chicago area  and my wife and  I have eaten  a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year  we have tried repeatedly  but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early  late - it never made any difference. The front staf was rude  and the wait was to long.\n\nTonight  we had  a special date planned  and made reservations  a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time  waited in the line to se the front staff  and we were promptly handed  a pager. They couldn t tel us when we would be seated.\n\nI imagined  a short wait  so we went outside  crossed into  a store to wait  since the entrance of this location is so packed  it s impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating .\n\nAfter 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang s and the front office staf stil couldn t tel us when we would be seated.  I saw open tables.\n\n \n\nThe food here is good  but certainly not great. We went to  a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in  5 minutes. The food was much better  the service was good even in  a crowded busy restaurant. Oh  and the local place was  a much more reasonable price.\n\nWe certainly wil never visit PF Chang s again. 
Stars are for the food only. 2.5 rating\n\nGot there at 8pm on Saturday night  they told us it was an hour wait which was expected  but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was  a bonus. Started of with the lettuce wraps and  i used to be  a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory .  I had the Singapore rice noodles. This was so so as  i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better. The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw. Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp  plump  juicy  tangy with  a smal kick. Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick. \n\nThe service was annoying. We were there les than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in  a rush to get us out of there. Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that  I wil let you know when  i am finished.  I found it rude especially since there wasn t even  a line at this point. \n\nI think we wil travel elsewhere following  a movie. The result never quite met the anticipation. 
 I like PF Changs.\n\nI think I ve only been here  a total of thre times  twice it was take out   and  I only get vegetarian dishes  but what I ve had has been pretty tasty.\n\nI would definitely eat here again. 
 I am writing this from the standpoint of someone who can t eat real Chinese food because of gluten issues. That said   I am loving me some gluten-fre Chinese food here  If the gf issue didn t exist  though  why bother when you can get real  honest  non-chain GREAT Chinese so many wonderful places in the Burgh   But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang  
Pretty Good Stuff \n\nPROS:\nNice bar area\nCool ambiance\nnice dishes with good flavors\n\nCONS:\nPricey for \"just chinese food\"\ntypically  a rather long wait  especially on weekends.\nVery difficult to even get noticed by the bartenders once its busy at the bar area.\n\nSuggestions:\nLettuce Wraps  just get this as you meal  LOL \nFat Cat Martini  OMG  YUMM  \nPot Stickers 
Our go to place at the waterfront. \n\nWe usually order the crispy green beans as an app.  they are always fried just right and never really greasy. As an entre  I always get coconut curry tofu  the veggies are bright and crisp  no open pea pods or limp broccoli   And the tofu is simply delightful. \n\nAlways consistent. Never disappointing 
Went there for lunch and had  a decent meal. While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent  the Mo Go Gai Pan was average  although  I did enjoy the shrimp in it . Service was fine and decor is pleasant. For some reason I m just not in the mood to write  a detailed review  - please accept my apologies. 
Sadly I ve been here  a few times because it s  a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend s parents come down to visit. There s nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is \"alright\" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you re encountering fine dining.\n\nThe food is so bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang s you can get elsewhere in Pittsburgh at  a much lower cost and it l be made with more precision and have better flavor. The honey chicken at P.F. Chang s was so mediocre al  I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting  a tastier order of it for  8 bucks.\n\nLast time we were there the server was horrendous as well.  I don t think I ve ever felt as awkward at  a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend s father  Don  his unsweetened tea then told him he didn t bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got al huffy when Don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at us. When he came back to take our order Don ordered for himself and his wife and before Janey  my girlfriend  and  I could order he had already started to walk away. We actually had to yel out to get him to come back and finish our order.  not in an uncivilized or malicious way  either  After that he must have thought we were terrible diners  I don t think I ve ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work  or ANYONE for that matter  and he showed it by being silent and plopping things down in  a passive aggressive way. It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.\n\nObviously the attitude of one idiot who can t hide his bad day wel doesn t really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it s so bland  Go somewhere else for Chinese  Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it l give you  a variety of good  local places to choose from at half the price. 
My vegan friend  Deb  turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang s and stay on  a vegan diet.\n\nVegan friend Deb  VFD  asked the waitres if they could prepare  a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitres without hesitation proclaimed they always had  a vegan version  but it was never put on the menu.\nWarning: even though it s vegan  it stil contains the same amount of salt that was reported on al the news channels when the salt  fat  and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.\n\nThey also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic  eggplant and garlic  and  a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.\n\nI always loved the fact PF Chang s offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so wel with their meals.\n\nThe service staf at Chang s is always top shelf  I ve never had  a bad time here and love when we go. 
We visitied PF Changs on Sunday with  a large group of 20 people. Although they had to split the tables  - everything was delicious \n\nWe enjoyed everything from the spring rolls and chicken lettuce wraps..to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guests..to the fried banana dessert \n\nif you are with  a group  and you want dessert  - get the fried bananas  They come wrapped in  a spring rol wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.\n\nOverall  we had  a great time and would come back here again. 
I ve had PF Changs both in Pgh and KC and honestly  I m never been disappointed nor elated with the food. It s  upscale  Ameri-Chinese food. You don t come here seeking  authentic  Asian staples; it s al changed to some degre to suit American taste buds. nothing wrong with that  imo. Do  I even know what  authentic  Chinese food is  Yes  sortuv  somewhat. Wil  I stop putting quotes around  everything   Definitely not \n\nIt was 45 min from closing time when we  party of 6  rushed in on  a weeknight; got seated  ordered and ate without feeling rushed by the staff.\n\nThis particular PF Changs  on the Homestead Waterfront  had fast and friendly service  though he forgot our order of asparagus. We sampled everything from the the Szechuan shrimp to the Mongolian beef to the Dan Dan Noodles. Good flavors  nothing that stepped out in the crowd.\n\nI don t come here al that often but when  I do   I invariably leave feeling satisfied and full. 
So  I have never been to P.F. Chang s before since I m Chinese and I m not  a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when  I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home  courtesy of my momma . My boyfriend and  I were at Dave    Busters and weren t in the mood for American food  which was what we were al surrounded by so  I decided to give P.F. Chang s  a try. \n\nWe came on  a Saturday night without reservations  so we had to wait 45min :  Luckily time went by fast while  I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place. When we were seated  we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was  a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay.  I felt like the strips were cut to thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful.  I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked wel and was also good. Overal  I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I m ever in the mood for Chinese/American food. 
LOVE the food  Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hil in the past year. And when I ve told the manger he just doesn t give  a shit. It s either hit Or mis with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD 
The service was lackluster. Coffe was warm but delicious. Limited to one cup  apparently  as the waitres never offered  a second.\n\nDaughter had sweet and sour shrimp. Wife had spicy chicken.  I had wonton soup. Dumplings as an appetizer for the table. Al arrived warm. The brown rice was dry as sand and the white rice was delayed by rice cooker problems. Also dry as sand.  I gues that is how they serve it.\n\nThe base flavors for the shrimp and chicken were nearly identical.  I had expected them to be more diverse. \n\nIn all  expectations were not met for what is advertised as upscale. I d rather have the local Chinese cuisine which more flavorful  and much les expensive. 
First time eating at PF Chang- thought the food was fine but I d rather go to an authentic Chinese restaurant any day. It felt like  a Chinese version of the Cheesecake factory. \n\nAnyway  it was  a Saturday  late afternoon  and despite lots of empty tables we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and after that waited 30 min for our food.  I don t know if they were just short staffed the day we went but  I wasn t impressed with the service.\n\nSome nice items on the menu include the lettuce wraps and the salt and pepper calamari  which comes with  a separate dish of salt and pepper for dipping. The sesame chicken was also very good. Other things were fine  just not memorable. \n\nI think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don t mind spending  a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in  a hurry  don t come here. 
This was my first time at this PF Chang s and  I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was  a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. \n\nThey were also playing  5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music   Come on--this is an \"Asian Bistro.\" 
 I was unimpressed with my food and  I am even more sad to see  now that P.F Chang s mas produces frozen dinners. \nThis is about as far away from Chinese food you can get  unles of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yel to carry on  a conversation. P.F Chang s in the Waterfront is  a unmemorable experience. Maybe  I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home  
 I really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers  but \nThere was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces. \nOne of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mil Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation. \n\nReservations:\nOur party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.\n\nAt 6:1 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party  . Obviously someone dropped the bal here..\n\nWhen we requested silverware for the table. Our waitres blamed it on the hostess. Yes  theHostes should have provided silverware. However It was unprofessional of our waitres to pas buck. As  a Patron  I could care les who s fault it is; just      in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.\n\nMy Hot and sour soup is usally served with\"noodley\" things that  I drop in the soup. We weren t given any \"noodley \" things  . Not trying to be  a jerk but al things being equal the pfc isn t selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart. 
 I have mixed feelings about this place.  I wish  I could give 2.5 stars  but I m in  a good mood so I m rounding up today. \n\nThis was my first time here and  I honestly wasn t sure what to expect. The first thing  I noticed when  I walked in was the layout of the dining area. It seemed les intimate than  I had pictured in my mind. The tables were al jammed together and the restaurant had  a crowded feel to it. Fortunately  there wasn t  a long wait as we had made  a reservation. \n\nWe were seated at  a table in the middle of the dining room alongside  a busy throughway. It seemed al the servers were destined to walk past our table.  I appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were \"meant to be shared.\" My wife and  I decided to share our two meals: Chang s Spicy Chicken and Double Pan Fried Noodles. Before our meal came out our waitres set some sauces on the table in  a \"here s your sauce\" kind of way.  I remember thinking  \"That s very nice  but  I have no idea why you just gave us sauce.\" There was no explanation  - just  a little tray of sauces. Our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild  medium  or hot sauce. We picked medium and  with  a few scoops  she turned our thre sauces into thre mixed sauces and  I stil didn t know what they were for. \n\nForget the sauce though  my attention was now drawn to our meal. For meals that were \"meant to be shared\" these sure are little portions.  I gues when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50  more for 50  less. The food itself was good  in an ok sort of way .  I can t say it was the best I ve had  but it was good enough. \n\nOveral  I thought the experience was lacking. P.F. Chang s tries to be classy  but does it in  a cafeteria sort of way.  I was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring acros the room. The music didn t fit the ambiance. Our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. The restaurant was loud and crowded. The girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures. \n\nI think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant  but no such luck. 
Surprised how empty the restaurant was tonight. First time at this location. Great service  but wasn t hard to do..\n\nHad  a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice. It was typical PF Changs  Very good . You can get the Fried Rice of the kids menu for  2.95 versus  8 for  a big bowl of the regular menu. 
Let me start by saying that  I do like their food. \n\nLast night  I went with my wife and two guests. The apps came out fast and were fantastic. Dinner on the other hand  didn t come out quickly at all. The rice was undercooked  and we told our server. He set the rice on the empty table next to us and forgot to bring  a new order. By the time  I was almost finished with my meal  another server came over and they brought back another bowl of crunchy white rice.\n is that the way rice is prepared now  \n\nI ordered the chocolate cake.  I asked for  a container to take half home. The server brought out  a smal container and when  I asked for  a larger one  she said we can just squeeze it in there  and started to flatten the cake. She then realized that  a larger one would be better.\n\n4 people  not crowded..2 hours total. 
My daughter     I enjoy PF Chang s each time we dine there together.  I am in Love with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps delicious  It is always  a wonderful experience  
I ve always liked PF Chang s and  generally speaking  this location is pretty good.  I typically opt to sit at the bar  where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.\n\nThe food is typical PF Chang s: delicious. As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information  it s also nice to know that  I can go there and eat somewhat healthy  I m al about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings . While some complain about the portion sizes being to small  I ve always felt like they were perfect.  I do understand how someone looking at  a  15 plate of \"Chinese\" food could wonder why he or she is paying more for les than your standard Chinese restaurant  but it s never bothered me. Most of the meals are consistently good  freshly prepared  and ful of flavor. Plus  the sauce that your waiter/waitres makes for you is always  a nice addition to any meal. I ve tried most of the apps  soups  and quite  a few of their entr\u00e9es and have never been disappointed.\n\nI ve only had one negative experience at this location in the countles times that I ve gone  and it revolved around service in the main dining area.  I was there for lunch  and the waitres essentially disappeared. I m not sure if she had been fired  quit  or what  but she took the order and was never seen again. After sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks  etc.   I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server.  I had never experienced something like that  but  I received fre food vouchers for  a future visit  and luckily  I wasn t in  a rush that day  so it worked out. The experience would ve made me give the location  a worse rating  but one bad experience hasn t outweighed the countles positives: good meals  solid service  especially at the bar   and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.\n\nThe only other knock on this location  - and it applies to every PF Chang s I ve been to  - is the insane wait that you l encounter at dinner time. My wife and  I would actually go there more often if we didn t have to wait forever for  a table.  I love PF Chang s  but  I hate waiting more. If you live close enough  get curbside pick-up  or just find somewhere else. I ve yet to meet  a restaurant worth  a 2-hour wait. PF Chang s  included. 
ok so i ve eaten here more than once but just thought to write  a review on it. now  i l be honest this is the only one i ve ever been to  so  i don t know if they re al the same but every time i m underwhelmed.  i get there  look at their giant selection and get excited. then  i get my meal and remember that i ve never had anything to great. don t get me wrong  it s not bad  but for how much they charge  they really need to step it up or at least give me  a huge portion. just saying. 
Our last few visits have left something to desire  One of the things  I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable  no one smiles or greets you appropriately  it s more like get in  get out  turn the tables \n\nThe food has remained consistently good. when we can order it. the last time JB and  I came for  a quick dinner  the place was not busy yet we were passed by  6 frowning waitstaf without getting drinks. for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table  HINT  HINT  so we left and most likely wil not be returning. 
If you look at other reviews you wil se that  I am  a very positive person  but tonight was an utter disaster  We sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did. She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took  3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out. She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar. Finally  a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and gues what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management  We wil never return.  I wil give it  2 stars because the food was great  but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostes to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It s not worth the headache. 
 A big thank you to Chad Cynamom  manager at PF Chang s for making our anniversary night so special. He seated us  brought us drinks and told us about the menu. Every time my fiance and  I go to this PF Chang s  we get the best service. Food isn t the most authentic chinese food we ve ever had  hence the  4 stars. It is  a bit overpriced as well  but the service makes up for it. 
Came out here with my parents to have dinner.  I have to say that our meal was al around worth  a  4 star rating  but the lousy attitude of the hostes and the man behind the desk who seemed to be in charge quickly lowered that rating. \n\nOur food was pretty good. The lettuce wraps are usually my favorite part  and this time it was no different. My mom s fried fish peices and veggies was also delicious. However  my  19 Mahi Mahi was pretty much like eating air. there was seriously no taste at all  and it was tiny   I found myself adding al the extra sauces on the table just to try to give it some dang flavoring.\n\nIf  I was you   I would order lettuce wraps for an ap and lettuce wraps for your meal. If you have room  lettuce wraps for dessert  too. Oh yeah  and to drink  lettuce wraps. 
singapore street noodles. The end 
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring rolls \n\nBelow par on every way. No experience needed to work here 
Walked in tonight  Wednesday  at 9:50  the place was empty. Asked for  a table  the hostes told us one moment when she finds one for us  then proceeded to walk to  a dirty table and clean it  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again  Didn t say  a word to us. Unbelievable  Wil not be back there- rude hostess  
The service started out slow  but they eventually picked up the pace. We ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer  and we enjoyed it. For the entres  we had the fried rice and mongolian beef  both of which were delightful.  I would not mind going back to explore their menu. 
We recently went here for  a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server  Denice  was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies. She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was to spicy  which was totally my fault  she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing. She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves. We were there for  a while and were al on separate checks. I ve been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain. Never once did  I feel unwelcome.  I wil go out of my way to eat here again. 
Great food  great atmosphere  little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it s much better  good service. 
Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef. Bar service was fast and Efficent. Good value. Not  a  5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat. Fortune was even Postive  
 I usually have fair experiences with this PF Changs. I ve been inside the restaurant  and have used the curbside to go service.  I finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.\n\nI can t remember her name  but whomever worked curbside to go on Oct 30  2013 around 6:30PM deserves  a mention. She was very nice  and provided us with the exact amount of condiments we listed on the online order form. They re usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauces  She also gave us  a couple other sauces to try  not sure which ones   but these were very good. \n\nThe food here is always in point.  I like to get the edamame  sesame chicken with brown rice  and the flour les chocolate dome  \n\nI m reducing  a star because of past experiences with service. 
I ve heard it s very much  a chain and that it s not at al authentic Chinese food  however despite al that  I have to admit the food was good and the service was excellent. There is quite  a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor  but  I figure it works for somebody   I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty. The prices are quite reasonable. Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes  this restaurant wil definitely serve in  a pinch. 
Really awesome food and amazing customer service.  I really enjoyed my experience here if  I am back in the area  I wil be certain to come back to this location. 
 I seriously don t know why people love this place so much  the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly. And it s not even Asian food. It s fake asian food.  I never come here anymore. 
 I wil say make  a reservation since it s pretty busy on  a weekend  We got seated quickly with  a reservation. Our server was excellent despite how busy it was. He was also helpful with recommendations and let me sample  a couple wines before picking  a bottle. The manager was also great. We weren t in love with one of the dishes and the manager came out and talked to us about what we were looking for and gave us  a complimentary order of what he recommended.  I wil say this  - they know how to treat their customers. We l definitely be back :  
First  this is  a big chain  - not my favorite type of eatery. For me  four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique..\n\nHowever  The Chilean Sea Bas Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin  fantastic  10+\n\nNow  - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tel you it was  a ridiculously busy night  servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.\n\nI ve been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC  - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both. So many great little places to try in the  Burgh  but  I wouldn t resist going back to this particular PFC. 
Once you go Pei Wei  you never go. PF Chang s  if you can help it . \n\nPei Wei is Chang s super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently  that was the last time  I stepped into  a PF Changs until  I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from  a Pei Wei to  a PF Chang s is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending  a WNBA game; it s so methodical and time consuming.\n\nOn our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in  a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift. By the time we flagged down  a server and everything was sorted out  we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei. Ad in the wait time for  a table  the sauces shtick  and presentation of the check and my head s about to explode. Chang s is more paced for retires and people on dates  not my lifestyle.  I get it  it s  a me problem.\n\nWith that said  the staf is very nice and helpful at this location  star . \nI can get  a beer or alcoholic beverage while  I wait  something that s not an option at Pei Wei   star .\nPlymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar  - that s  a chain first   star .\nI found  a dish  I love not available at Pei Wei  - Salt and Pepper Prawns  star . \n\nSo until  I get sick of the Prawns or  a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market  I l continue to go to this location. 
 I ordered dinner one day and was very satisfied after my dinner.\nThe food was delicious. \nI enjoyed it some much  I bought lunch there the following day.\nThe is now one of my best places to eat.\nI would recommend P.F. Chang s China Bistro to everyone. 
We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren t seated near the door as we were last time. As  I expected  getting  a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for  a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our  1 year old nicely.  I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. \n\nI stil left with the impression that the serving sizes were smal in comparison to most other places  but we were satisfied and happy. 
Went here for lunch yesterday with  a friend and it was so yummy  Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot  Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also ful of chicken chunks and shrimps as well. which is different bc you don t normally get al that in  a wonton soup bowl. By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups  we were almost full. LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well. Definitely wil be back because this place is clean  service is quick  food is delicious  and the price isn t so bad either. 
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience  after waiting over one hour to be seated  we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with  a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then  I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered  a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce  . After  a long wait my food came so salty that  I could not even eat and as much as  I hate to complain but  I had to let the waiter know  so he went to get me one with les salt. My husband s dish was OK. then the second one was  a bit les salty but the meat had  a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach.  I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :  
Let me start of by saying  I have mostly simple tastes  and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations   I was forced to try something new.\n\nSo.  I thought I d try the chain PF Chang s Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow  what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.\n\nI started with  a cup of their Wonton soup. At  2.95 it wasn t to outrageous of  a price  the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than  I was used to  including thre giant basil  I think   leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken  two shrimp  some sliced water chestnuts and two \"pork\"-filled wontons. As  I said  the broth had decent flavor  but the wontons were thick  doughy and under-cooked  and the chicken chunks were dry  which is amazing since they were drowned in broth  On  a scale of bad to good  it was kind of meh.\n\nNext came my \"lunch-portion\" order of Chang s Kung Pao Chicken  the dinner portion is  5 more . \n\nAt the New Dumpling House  this dish is served with  a delectable dark  rich  tangy sauce  which  I was really hoping for. Not at PF Chang s. \n\nOn my plate  I received about  8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken   7 hot Chinese red chili peppers  mostly inedible unles they are diced into  a sauce    a handful of blanched  unsalted peanuts   a few sliced scallions  and  a bed of the most bland brown rice  I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would ve been ashamed if that stuf came out of one of his boxes.\n\nGlaringly  there was NO SAUCE . None at all.\n\nI ve had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City  San Francisco  and even from  a hole in the wal in Bethel Park  PA that was much  much better. Never have  I had it served in such  a bland  skimpy  and overpriced way  The \"lunch-portion\" cost was  9.95.\n\nAt The New Dumpling House   I could have  a delicious lunch  with soup  entre and complimentary hot tea  and  I could leave satisfied with just  8 out-of-pocket - and that includes the tip.\n\nThe service was decent. However  lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs. 
I m not really into chain restaurants but my mom s in town so. You know. \n\nThe mains are basically  a half notch classier than  a Chinese take out but I m just not impressed.  15 for  a smal portion of orange chicken that is about as good as  a cheap takeout seems silly. \n\nWhere  I think the restaurant really underwhelms is the soups and salads   I know it isn t the focus of the restaurant but the lunch sides that precede the lunch entrees are just bad. The salad lacks any creativity and the soup was just  a bowl of salty beef water. 
Stil good food but  I find that more times than not when we go we have to ask for clean dishes or silverware.  I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need  a new contract with  a new appliance company. 
This is the fourth Changs I ve eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had  a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling of the chicken. Overal stil pretty good. Would eat at this one again. 
My wife and  I came here  a few years ago and you couldn t get in the door because of the line. This was the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it. Fast forward to present day and you d never believe that was ever the case. Chang s is poorly set up as one large open room that s rather noisy. Food came out quickly but was not as good as the Chinese take out we get from sesame inn. Spicy chicken was neither spicy nor very flavorful and had  a mass-produced feel to it. Took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out  a few days later. Normally one of the great thing about getting Chinese is looking forward to the leftovers the next day  Another minus was noticing how dirty the floor was on the way back to the bathroom.  I don t expect  a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on Smithfield downtown.\nThe one bright spot was our waitres was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite  a few fil ups during our time there. Short of this  I d probably give Changs two stars. Probably last time I l stop in here unles  I can t get in to any restaurants in the area and need  a place  I know won t be to busy. 
Our family loves this restaurant. My children and  I suffer from food allergies.  I have Celiac s Disease and their gluten fre selection for  a Chinese restaurant is great. My children are  a completely different bal game. They have  a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body. They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten  soy  eggs  dairy  nuts  tre nuts  fish  shellfish  amd corn. This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the eg wash. The servers and managers are al trained in how to be careful. Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin. Cal ahead if you have any questions and they wil answer your questions. 
This place hit the spot. \n\nStopped here before  a movie and ate at the bar. We got just what we wanted: quick service and some good eats. \n\nI recommend the fried green beans with aioli - so good     And this trip  I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef  it was extremely fresh and delish  so who cares if it s not beautiful    
Excellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made  a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery  les than  5 minutes  honest. Both meals les than  30  in and out in 45 minutes. 
Gordons in the Waterfront is exactly what  I needed for new shoes after  I was allowed to walk again after  a fracture in my foot. The man who waited on me was kind  patient  and even let me know about  a sale going on. The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful. You won t get cheap shoes here but you wil get the best. Worth every cent. 
Extremely helpful staf that knows exactly what shoes are comfortable yet stylish. The shoes  I bought were high quality and durable.  I was extremely impressed by the staff. 
This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly  plenty of room to sit  and good quality food    coffee. Panera is  a great place to hang out and read the news  - they even have fre WiFi  Try their toasted sandwiches  especially the chicken bacon dijon. 
 I live close by so  I go here frequently pretty much for the fre WIFI and espresso. But here s  a secret  - they don t seem to know what an Americano is so often  I am charged like 75 cents for  a double shot of espresso to which they ad hot water upon my request. Needles to say coffe is not expensive here as you can fil up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffe is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie whole grain bagels are edible and about  a buck with no extra charge for butta. Outside seating and people watching is always  a good distraction plus there are al kinds of people who frequent this Panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking  a break from Victoria Secrets  Ulta  Wet Seal and the other various shops at this water front location. 
Had lunch here after getting my nails done in the Waterfront. It s your standard Panera  - lots of seating and  a sunny room from al the windows. Our food was made very quickly  even though the place was pretty busy  lunch on  a Saturday . Chicken noodle soup is tasty  but there was to much broth and not enough noodles and chicken.  I tried their Sierra Chicken sandwich for the first time  and it was pretty good. It s very flavorful   I like whatever they put in their chipotle mayo. It was  a salty meal though  - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.\n\nIf  I have to get  a quick  light meal and only chain options are available  Panera is my best choice. It s definitely predictable and usually tasty. But there isn t much special about it  of course. 
 I Love al Panera  equally \nI am def  a fan of this easy  better than fast food  time-killing eatery.\n\nGreat place for  a lunch social/date with good eats and  a good place to sit and talk for  a while or to get some work done between appointments.\n\nPROS:\nGreat Food;\nFre WiFi  though some locations are limited to 30 minutes during the lunch hour ;\nSeating is always tricky at the lunch hour.\n\nCONS:\npricey for salads  soup and sandwiches;\ntables should be wiped more frequently--even if you have to ask  a newly seated guest if they would like it wiped  the tables should be wiped \n\nFor Pete s sake  give  a fork with the Mac and Cheese  not  a SPOON  lol 
 I really enjoy Panera  and this restaurant meets my expectations.  I particularly love the Asiago Cheese Bagel  Caesar Salad  Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich  Tuna Salad Sandwich  Smokehouse Turkey Panini  Broccoli Cheddar Soup  and Iced Chai Tea Latte. I ve ordered al of these items at this location  and they have been very tasty.\n\nI have had this location run out of the side of French Baguette once or twice. However  last time that occurred   I asked for  a bread bowl as  a replacement  which  I was given for free.\n\nI l definitely be returning soon  
I ve had bad experiences here  a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven t heard back. Bad service al around  Basically  we ordered our food  they ran out of what we wanted  so just decided to make us something else with out telling us. When we got our food  we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered-- oh it was the closest to what you wanted ..hm how about you tel us that before we pay  and how about you give us our money back. Really  you don t get much for what you pay for at panera. Its not very good at all. 
It s the same Panera food you ve had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often faster at preparing food than this one. That said the food is fine and the staf is nice enough.\n\nThey have warm cookies for  2.00. That is  a nice feature. 
 I like Panera bread but this one is  a so so.  I always get my fuji chicken salad in every Panera bread  I go. Al of the other use spring mix to make their fuji chicken salad except this one. They just use regular salad and salad doesn t taste or look very fresh either.  I was kind of excited to find there is  a panera bread around us but  I am disappointed after trying it. Don t know if we wil be back again. 
It seems silly to rate  a chain so  I won t talk about the food. \n\nI just love coming to this Panera because it s right by Barnes and Noble.  I recently started getting into the Panera card. Compared to the other Paneras  I have to say that this one seems cleaner  bigger  and al around nicer. Of course  I would never go out of my way to get here but if you re at Barnes and Noble and aren t happy with the sandwiches there  which  I was   I would venture on over to Panera. 
Amazing amazing place and  I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high  very good service and fast  . 
Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant  I have ever been to.  I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could ve used  a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing. 
The food was fine. It s  a chain. I m not rating it. \n\nThe service was absolutely horrible. It started wel enough when we ordered lunch  but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get  a treat for my husband. \n\nBetween being ignored by the girl at the counter  her not listening to the order  then arguing with me when  I told her  I did not ask for what she brought me   I really can t decide which is worse.  I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business  rather than take attitude from Panera employees. 
This use to be my go to Panera Bread. When  I worked in the area  I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when  I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things. My waist also appreciated it. Those scones are delicious.\n\nI recently stopped back here when  I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised. With al my new allergies  I came in here hoping to get some bread. Not knowing  nor doing my homework before  I showed up   I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not. Not knowing the answer herself  she was kind enough to pul out  a binder that contained al of their recipes  ingredients included. After looking through it for  a few minutes  I was able to select the bread  I wanted. They wil sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now. If you would rather slice yourself   I am sure they wil wrap it up and you can go on your way. Yes  it s true  it may be  a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf. But it is much better tasting. 
It was my first time here. Was recommended by my coworker. However   I was  a little unsure as I ve read some bad reviews about this place.\n\nThe first visit was great. The receptionists were helpful and gave me guidance on how to get my dog licensed. Everyone seemed happy and talkative. \n\nDr. Bezak was very nice. He had  a smile on him the entire time  I was there. He was very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog. Overall   I had  a good first visit and definitely going back.\n\nThe only thing that made it didn t earn  a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm. The entire office have their lunch at 1pm. So  I can tel there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don t mind that it was  a quick visit  but  I would have liked to had time to ask more questions. If you want adequate time with the doc  consider making your appointment after their lunch. 
The problem  I have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted  3 minutes. The vet checked the ears  teeth  and nails then called it  a day. \n\nI came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had  a \"slab fracture\" which was stil attached to the gum. The vet didn t mentioned it during the \"exam\" other than telling me to buy  a finger brush to brush his teeth.\n\nI was primarily there for  a vaccination shot but if they re going to charge me for  a examination  they should do  a proper examination.  I just felt  I was rushed out of there. \n\nI took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture  gave me info on how it usually happens  potential problems that it can cause  and recommendations on ways to fix the problem. 
As not only pet-owners  but as dog breeders let me say  - we love this place  We ve heard some bad things from several acquaintances and counldn t believe our ears..Dr. Bezak is great and the staf is really friendly and helpful. 
 I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I ve had  a couple Chow Chow s who  a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had  a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years. 
 I mean  it s Target. It has everything. You just need to know what to buy there  and not get sucked into the convenience of buying everything in one spot.\n\nBeware - though their merchandise looks nice  and it s  a good buy for  a student  you don t want to make long-term purchases here. The zipper on  a skirt  I bought broke the first time  I wore it. I ve heard horror stories about disintegrating comforters during their first wash.\n\nThat said  their store-brand toiletries and other sundry items are fairly cheap  and they have  a wider selection than Giant Eagle or CVS. They also have  a cool program with Flickr.com - you can upload your photos  order them online from Target s One-Hour Photo kiosk  and pay by credit card when you pick them up.\n\nI love their cheap accessories - glasses  bags  jewelry. Along with Claire s and Filene s  Target is my favorite place to shop for those things. 
What can  I say  I m  a shil for Target  Like another reviewer says  you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do \n\nBut as for the name brands here  I ve never had  a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and  I have been very satisfied with. The housewares section here is positively unbeatable. My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils. He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones. He is also an amateur photographer and he stil works with film  so he likes the film development here.\n\nMe   I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps  toothpaste  deoderant  etc because the selection is so good. I ve also purchased  a lot of my casual wear here. 
Oh Target  You are big corporate America  But how can  I not love you so  Your prices are the best whenever  I need household goods like detergents  cleaners  etc. For personal effects such as toiletries  soap  etc  you can t be beat  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy s \n\nAnd  I se you have the retro tees too. You know: Yes Boston Led Zeppelin We know what \"retro tee\" means: faux aged  catering to boomers and teens  and costing way more than they origianlly did. Oh and made in China of course  
OMG. Target is my fav store ever.  I love the staf they are also so helpful and friendly. They recognize me being there quite often   I also greatly appreciate being able to use  a target coupon AND  a manufacture coupon   I save so much money shopping there and now  I save 5  everyday using my target debit card  Ah  I love this store  
After working for the rival of Target for years  Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at. Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I m stil able to get in and get out in  a hurry. \n\nDepending on the time of day  it may be  a task just to find  a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road. If you don t mind walking  a bit  the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.\n\nThe only downside  I can find for this location is the smel of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as  I walk into  a store  maybe after about ten minutes in I d consider it. 
This is  a really great pharmacy  - friendly  quick  knowledgeable  and inexpensive. 
Target is pretty standard. If you ve been to one of them  you l know largely what to expect from this one. That being said  this store is clean  and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website  as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren t aware of. \n\nThe electronics department staf are not very knowledgeable  and tried to pressure me into buying  a different TV by repeating marketing lingo  but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them  so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics. 
Target is one of my favorite stores -  I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet - it s just so therapeutic  This location is now my closest store  so  I drop by pretty often.\n\nThis store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren t particularly stellar but isn t poor either. I ve generally been able to find what  I need here and check out pretty quickly. \n\nIn addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets  this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area  only this store and the Cranberry store sel glasses.  I purchased  a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical thre years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service. 
It s not the greatest Target of al time but it stil meets al of your basic needs.\n\nIf you re looking for produce  lower prices  and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty. 
 I was in and out  and  I didn t wait in long to long so I m happy. 
I ve been to many Targets and they re al the same. However  this particular one is currently being remodeled. Children s clothing  toys  electronics and health    beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store. There is  a new Starbucks that is now open. The cafe that is there has been remodeled and wil serve Pizza Hut pizza and other new menu items. The area where the electronics used to be it is now going to have  a smal grocery section. Basically  this Target in Homestead wil eventually look like the one in East Liberty.  I like this Target  so  I am pleased with the new changes  especially Starbucks   
It always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin .\n\nOtherwise  it s pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and  I was only buying one thing.  I was relieved when they sent  a few more cashiers in and opened up some more lines. It definitely expedited what was looking to be  a very long wait. 
Target.\n\nI like Target more than  I like Walmart. Walmart is bad.\n\nI like Target enough to return.  I like it enough to pas by any Walmart that my throw itself in my path. Does that mean  I love Target  No  it is just OK. 
Watch out when it looks like something is on sale. They mark  a rack or table with  a big buy one get one or 50  of sign  then only some of the stuf on the rack is on sale. 
OK  I know what you re thinking  - You re  a chick     Wel recently the BF and  I went shopping for some busines friendly clothes for him. Our \"wardrobe expert\"  and  I feel terrible because  I forgot his name  was incredibly friendly and helpful that  I couldn t help but think  - WHY DON T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN    Someone who helps you  - no matter your size or height  finds you the pants that fit your body  the dres shirts  the jackets  etc. This man was absolutely STELLAR  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well. The BF left with exactly what he needed and  I may or may not have talked him into  a few other items. What can  I say   I like  a sharp dressed man  cue Z Top . So if you re looking to make your man  a little more stud-ly with  a jacket  tie  dres shirt  or perhaps  a ful suit  stop by Men s Warehouse. You l be drooling over him in no time ;  
Let s start this review by saying that when we are at that point  my girlfriend and  I wil be going to Jos. A. Bank for mine and my groomsman s suits. Allow me to give you  a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered when renting from Men s Wearhouse to be the groomsmen in our friends wedding.\n\n1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be  a followup call. The other groomsmen and  I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to when our tuxedos would arrive and the staf were very short with our honest questions over the phone.\n2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead when we asked for them to be sent to Ros Park Mal during the fitting.\n3-  \" to which she responded \"Yeah that should be fine\" so when my girlfriend graciously dropped of my tux for me  a few days later and learned of the  10 late fee   I was totally caught of guard.\n8- My girlfriend was also caught totally of guard by the associate at Ros Park Mal who was incredibly rude to her when he informed her of said late fee.\n9- As the Best Man  I was given  a coupon card for  50 of my next rental at Men s Wearhouse. Since  I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW  I figured this would be an opportune time to use it. Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental  when  I presented the coupon and was told \"Oh  that isn t for this. That is intended for YOUR wedding. Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year.\" \n10- The groom himself decided to use  a coupon to purchase  a suit for the wedding and to own  rather than rent  a tux for the occasion. He was ensured by the Homestead staf that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.   Men s Wearhouse.\"\n\nAnother groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of us received and said to me \"I hope you re taking notes for your own impending wedding\" to which  I replied \"Perhaps  I could find better service from GoodWil of Western PA\"\n\nCongrats Men s Wearhouse. You became the but of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around  a wedding to which you provided the suits.\n\nTL;DR  - 10 mistakes  several rude associates and  1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank. 
 I went in to get my suit that  I bought last year tailored because  I had lost some weight and  I couldn t have had  a better experience. When  I walked in  I was immediately created by Bil who was warm and friendly. Anna came out to perform the measurements and mark up the suit. She checked everything  even changes  I hadn t thought to have made to make sure the suit fits me perfectly when they are done. Best of all  when  I asked if they could ship the suits to me at my house since  I no longer live in Pittsburgh  they asked when  I was leaving town and promised they would get it done for me before  I left the next day. Better yet  they had the suit ready for me early  avoiding the rush for me to pick it up before  I left. Everyone was extremely helpful and diligent and  I wil continue to only get changes done at this store. 
 I got  a cheese pizza delivery from here once  and  I feel like..it s one of those places where it s okay and if that s what someone put in front of me  I would eat it  but  I definitely wouldn t go  \"OMG  let s eat there \"\n\nIt was just boring to me.  And  I love cheese pizza  \n\nBut some of my coworkers like to eat here on occasion  so maybe some of their other stuf is better.  I wouldn t know. 
It s not that delish. 
 I got pizza here on  a Saturday night in  a pinch. Looking for  a place that sells by the slice   I drove around for  a while. Not only did they have by-the-slice pizza  but they also had some of my favorite toppings.  I also hate crust that s to thick  and - although  I prefer it even thinner than it was -  I was pretty satisfied with the crust. \n\nThe only thing that could be improved is the salad. We got  a grilled chicken salad. The chicken and fries were okay  but the rest was pretty run of the mill.\n\nAs for the pizza  I l definitely be back for more. 
PROS: Great selection and excellent service. They had knowledgable personnel on the floor  manager   who was helpful.\n\nCONS: Traffic to the store  one lane  got pretty congested. Wouldn t give me  a coupon that  I had forgotten at home but that s not  a big deal. 
 I head straight back to the clearance  That s where you l find the best deals. You wil be able to se your savings when you check out because it s calculated on your receipt. Im  a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year  - boots  galoshes and sandals never go out of style. 
 I have no idea why I ve lived close to this DSW for nearly  a year and had never shopped here before  This week   I was looking for  a very specific pair of heels  and DSW was my go to place.  I found  a fabulous name-brand pair at  a great price. While browsing around  there was an associate who was slowly straightening shoes  but she made no effort to talk to or even smile at me  which is awkward because  I smiled at her . Thankfully  the cashier was an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady  who encouraged me to sign up for their loyalty program. Though  I didn t really need to sign up  she was so kind that  I couldn t say no.  I plan on going back very soon  
I ve been coming to this DSW approximately every other month over the last year. The Waterfront is my go-to place when  I need to do mindles wandering and shopping  and this store has been added to my regular itinerary. \n\nI came here on Friday night needing to zone out and to just try ridiculous amounts of shoes for fun.  I headed back to the clearance  unusual for me   and wow  what  a selection  Seychelles summer wedges for  14. Minnetonka suede booties for  50. Both the styles and the prices were spot on   I ended up purchasing  a pair of Audrey Brooke summer wedges for  12 along with some Nina silver \"wedding\" pumps for  30. What bargains \n\nHowever  I m not writing this review update to just talk about fab shoe finds and great deals. \n\nThe first several times that  I shopped here  customer service was dismal  as mentioned in my previous review . However  the last couple times I ve been here  I ve seen associates as soon as  I walk through the door and been quickly offered assistance. This is  a significant difference from what  I experienced in the past  and  I just had to recognize this store for making positive changes  \n\nKeep up the good work  - and the great assortment  - and I l be back often  
Great on line service  2nd time placing an order on line and they made it easy as far as getting the correct sizes in  a timely manner. 
This store has such bad service. The service staf are rude rude rude. Save your money  shop elsewhere. 
This Bed Bath    Beyond seems like your average store location.  I don t have anything to bad or to exciting to say about this location. descent products and descent service.  I would just recommend taking al of your Bed Bath    Beyond coupons with you when shopping because staf wil help you combine them as best as possible. 
 I love bed bath    beyond  \n\nThe employees at this particular one are always available and helpful  \n\nThe selection  plus the 20  of coupons keep me coming back  and its also where  I get al of the things for my soda stream. \n\nOveral  I wil be back many  many times 
We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location. The customer service was outstanding  One of the employees  Chris  walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed. The wedding registry coordinator  Christina  was also very helpful and accommodating. They treated us as if we were royalty.  I would recommend this wedding registry without  a doubt  
Basically after being sent here after not having the item at another location   I walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be. And yet again  the exact one is not on the shelf.\n\nFrustrated   I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask whether or not they have it. Which the response  I got was to basically look on the shelf. After  I told them  I did that already  one of the employees had an ingenious idea. Instead of checking the kitchen part of the store  why not check the bath part. What do you know  that s where it was.\n\nSo that just makes me think that they had this item at the other store  but just weren t in tune with knowing that the item was located in another part of the store.\n\nEverything after that was  a smooth ride. Wedding registry updated  purchased  and gift wrapped. Yes  these places have an area that you can gift wrap for free. It says it s  a do it yourself area  but for some reason an employe did mine for free. Only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping items have the store name on it  which might look  a bit tacky. 
This is  a very small  yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just  a pleasure to purchase from. 
We had the worst possible experience at the Eat  N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitres  Annemarie  was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with  a dish we had not even ordered and stil got charged for it on the check. \n\nOne of my friends ordered  a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich  which according to the menu description  should ve had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress  she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in  a plate  How crude  \n\nSpoke to the manager after paying the ful check and first of all  she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order  and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. \n\nWhen  I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato  she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato  What  a lame excuse  Even your online menu says under the description for  a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients  - \"Served with lettuce and tomato on  a fresh-baked Kaiser roll.\"  - That s what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying  Instead of admitting her fault  she was blaming it to  a new menu \n\nNot only did we have to pay for something that we didn t order or eat  but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu  and had to deal with  a really bad waitres and insensitive and deceitful manager to top of the whole experience. \n\nI am never going to come back to any Eat  N Park location ever again  and wil never recommend one to any of my friends either. What  a waste of time and money  Plus dealing with callous and lying people  - my goodness   I surely had my patience tested this evening  
Much like every other Eat  n Park  3 or  4 stars worth of chain-diner food   except the last five times I ve been here  the service has been damn  damn  daamn slow. It s always fun to se the staf smoking out back while I ve waited an hour for some scrambled eggs. 
If you must eat at Eat  N Park  this is the one you want to go to.   The corporate offices are right next door and the suits are there every day  breakfast lunch and dinner. \n\nWhen  I spend  a few hours with dear old mom  she enjoyed spending  a day at the Waterfront  she loved the since closed 39 center store  where she could buy her monthly greeting cards for 39 cents each. Then we drive over to this eat  n park where she has her breakfast smile and  I enjoy an eg beater sandwich and fresh fruit.\n\nThis place is spotless  the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good  for  a chain. 
 I like this Eat n Park. Even though it is  a chain  not al of them are created equal. The wait staf and kitchen staf really make  a big difference in whether or not an Eat n Park is worth patronizing. Eating here   I change my mentality  a bit.  I always order the seven dollar BBQ burger with the salad bar ad on for two dollars. In my mind   I always se myself ordering the seven dollar salad bar with  a two dollar hamburger. When the salad bar is kept stocked  it has some really good and fresh items.  I love that they have spinach and not just iceburg lettuce.  I wish other Eat n Parks were more like this one. 
Great location   I love that you can substitute burger with  a veggi patti and that they have gluten fre bread. Love love love the smiley cookies :  
Always good food at  a fair price. It s not gourmet  but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food  friendly service  and desserts to go. Can t beat it. 
The food is usually pretty good  however the service is almost ALWAYS very VERY slow. Most of the staf are pretty friendly and sweet but there are  a few sour ones in the bunch that make the experience not as nice as it could be. Although they stil technically do their job  you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and se how inefficient they are with the way they do things. It s  a hit and miss. Unles you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staf members who aren t very pleasant. 
They make  a nice breakfast for les than the tip form dinner the night before. That s not bad  
Eat  n Park is usually decent. This location though has HORRIBLY SLOW service. Seriously  we never wait les than 10 minutes for  a server to acknowledge us  and we live near the Waterfront  so we ve given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times. Each time hoping that the last was just  a fluke  new staff  or something. It s not. Doesn t matter what time we go. It seems we are not acknowledged for several minutes  and then the service is mediocre at best. Occasionally  we ve had  a stellar service  but it s few and far between. Today  after waiting 15 minutes  then getting up to find  a server in another section  we were informed that we were sitting in  a \"closed\" section. That server offered to serve us  but honestly  we left.  I told the hostes who seated us about the mixup  and got  a blank stare. I ve never had this issue at any other EnP. We left  drove to the Squirrel Hil location  and our orders were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the Waterfront. Mgmt- you have  a beautiful  prime location. Get your hosts and servers on the same page  
Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts  The oreo pie is amazing  The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be  a little more clean. 
God  i hate eat  n park. Only reason  i have gone is for the salad bar because  u cant find  a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entre iv had here is nothing more than rubbish  except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if  u have little kids 
This is  a stop  I hit whenever  I head to the Waterfront. It s  a pretty large store with lots of goodies. Yes  it takes time to find things  I like  but that s what discount stores are about  Overall  of al the TJ Maxxes I ve been to  from New Mexico to Boston   this is  a pretty good one. 
This TJ Max is quickly becoming  a weekly stop for me  The corporate team is definitely giving this store  a lot of love with the product that they receive. Lately   I haven t been able to go into this store without spending at least  50-100. Dangerous \n\nAs you walk in  handbags are the first thing you see. Last time  I visited the store   I was on  a mission - coffe table decor - but was quickly sidetracked by  a large  briefcase-sized  black leather Michael Kors bag priced half-of the suggested retail price. So tempting. but  I forgot about this amazing bag when  I stumbled upon two quality sweaters thirty seconds later. One was Design History  which is  a brand currently sold at Nordstrom  Saks  Neimans  and Bluefly  for only  25.  I also found Adrienne Vittadini flats for  29  Meri Meri cupcake kits for  7  Woodwick candles for  10-12  and  a luxurious Tahari throw blanket for  29.  I walked out of the store minus  120 in my debit account with at least  300+ of product.\n\nI ve also been delightfully surprised by the cleanlines of the store and the fitting rooms and by the friendlines of the staff.  I was having an issue with my debit card while there  and the two associates that  I worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.\n\nI l definitely be going back in the next week or two to se what amazing new deals they l have then  
Great variety and exceptional bargains. From home decore to clothes and specialty foods and gadgets  TJ Max has got you covered.\n\nIt s hardly ever crowded  store is clean and check outs are quick. 
 I enjoy this TJ Max location. I m not sure that any TJ Max in Western PA has as good of  a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx   yes  that s right   I really did say Johnstown  but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space  and there is  a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge  but decent.\n\nThis location always has  a few Blis products  which makes it top notch in my opinion.  I mean  where else can you get discounted Blis products  \n\nI generally don t have  a lot of succes with shoes at TJ Max because they never seem that discounted to me  but  I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer  I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under  40 at the beginning of summer  and I ve had succes with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me  a happy girl \n\nAl in all  this is  a great location  and one that  I frequent at least  a few times per month. 
Decent size  decent selection  decent staff.\n\nI gues that can wholly sum this place up  it s decent. As with many other stores that are like this  the product rotates depending on what doesn t sale wel at other stores. Can always snag  a deal here.  I was able to pick up  a pretty sweet Puma jacket for  10  can t beat that  right \n\nThat being said  there are those times that you may not find anything as well. So really don t get your hopes up if you are looking for  a specific item. 
 I was somewhat disappointed that  I didn t find what  I was looking for. This is  a fairly smal Marshalls. It didn t look like the store received the worst items around  they just don t appear to have  a lot of diversity like many of the other Marshalls that  I patronize. Wil  I return  Yeah   I will.  I had one item in mind that  I was looking for and didn t look for very many other things. 
If you re looking for  a wallet   a new cheap purse or something of that nature--this is the place to go.\n\nOtherwise  this kind of shopping just isn t for me \nI don t have the patience for clothes shopping here though.\nThe racks drive me nuts bc they re in no particular order.\n\nIts \"Shirts/Sizes\"  \"Pants/Sizes\"  \"Jeans/Sizes\"  \"Coats/Sizes\"\nI can t look through  a gazillion racks of shirts looking for something  I like  aimlessly  in  a  M or L.  I just cant do it  lol\nWish  I could  I d probably find some deals.\n\nPROS:\nSome good deals\n\nCONS:\nYou ve gotta \"dig deep\" to find  em 
Went in here to grab  a last minute item  I needed for an outfit.  I wasn t going to hold my breath here either   I know it s  a Marshalls and that doesn t always mean the best selection. It s hit or mis no matter what you are looking for.\n\nThis day  was  a hit  maybe even  a home run.  I do have to admit  the Kenneth Cole shirt  I got not only looked great on me  but made my wallet feel even better  
Since both Marshalls and TJ Max are owned by the same company   I make sure to stop by both locations when shopping at the Waterfront.  I generally find nothing or spend only  10 or so at Marshalls  while being enticed to spend at least  50-10 at TJ Maxx. The Waterfront TJ Max seems to have not only the same product as this Marshalls plus  a whole lot more. Al that to say   I consider shopping here  a waste of time since  I could just drive  a block or so and be at  a store owned by the same company that always has what  I want and need. Sorry  Marshalls  but you re just OK to me. 
Finally   I restaurant in Pittsburgh that  I can give  4 stars  Mitchell s is located on the Waterfront and is one of the nicer restaurants in that area. The interior is  a classic  clean  modern seafood restaurant- dark wood  glass  etc. The menu has really great seafood selections and is printed daily. But here s what s great about this place: after 4pm you can get \"smal plates\" at the bar for  3 each  and these ain t no Costco fish sticks  Two of these smal plates would make  a sufficient meal  along with the sourdough French bread they bring out . Finally  while the drinks aren t cheap  they re creative  tasty and fresh. Al in all   I had  a great experience  and  I think this place would be perfect for  a date or  a happy hour with the girls from the typing pool. 
No pictures   I knew  I should have taken my camera \n\nMy aunt and  I went there today for Mother s day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap  I ve been to the one in Columbus . My aunt had  a chicken dinner  grilled chicken  green beans and potatoes with butter  and  I had their Shanghai sampler which had  a couple of shrimp   a couple of scallops and  a nice piece of salmon  al done perfectly. We didn t order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie  Anyway  dinner was great  and so was the service  thus the five stars  
This is one of the few restaurants  I frequent in the Waterfront.   You probably wouldn t. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining  and that s  a Pittsburgh mystery to me . The restaurant is never to crowded and you won t get packed in like sardines in  a tin can. So you can enjoy  a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one s . \nThe food is very good but you may have to shel out  a few clams of your own     . If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the sea bas which is always moist and scrumptious at around  29.99. They wil cook your food one of several ways.  I like my fish broiled  their signature is to salty for my liking. Bread is mmgood and hot  free . Staf is very accommodating ie you can request to sample  a soup and the servers are pleased to do so.  I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo.  A bowl of this creamy delight goes  a long way..bonus they tos in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as reminds me of my youth on Long Island s south shore  but that s another story . Salads  a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey  approx.  7.95 for basic house salad . Bottom line is Mitchell s at the Waterfront is wel worth taking the splash for if you really like  a nice seafood dinner. 
Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It s just delicious.\n\nThe establishment is always clean  the staf courteous and the fish  of course  fresh. \n\nOddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you. It s always so warm and tasty.\n\nThe deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that  I really liked\n\nThey also have  a thre course fixed price option last  I went that was  a great value.  I think it was  20/person for lunch. 
An excellent choice for fresh  wel prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.  I frequent this area for busines travel  and you can t do much better without heading downtown.\n\nThe seafood is excellent  with  a daily menu crammed ful of fresh fish specials   a raw bar  and  a list of chef s specialties. The house salad is sweet and delicious  and the  shanghai  seafood preparation is delicious  healthy  and unique. Try it with the scallops or  a white-fleshed fish.\n\nThere is  a nice selection of regional beers on tap   a decent selections of wines  and creative drinks  think elderflower and pear martinis . The deserts are adequate  though not  a highlight. \n\nIf you re on the Waterfront  you won t do better than this. Enjoy  
 I was impressed. \n\nWent here for lunch. The seafood gumbo was tremendous.  I wasn t in the mood for more seafood so  I had the chicken blt on ciabatta bread. I m not sure what type of creamy sauce they put on the bread  but it was delicious. Wil go back again.\n\nThe food was reasonably priced for lunch. Dinner would obviously be more expensive but  I imagine it s worth the  . 
 I did not know this is  a franchise restaurant until  I had looked it up on the internet. This is the only restaurant  I was not familiar with by the waterfront. My mom and me sat on the outdoor patio  the weather was very nice on  a breezy summer day. \nThere was  a great prix fixe special for  23  what  a great price for regular portion salad--the dressing was to sweet for me--entre and mini dessert.\nThe fish was fresh. My mom s chilean sea bas shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bas had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than  I expected. My desert was creme brulee  which was very good.  I love  a good sugar coated dessert. 
 A very nice meal in  a very nice restaurant\n\nPROS:\nVery good food\ninteresting choices--not your typical red lobster crap\nGreat service\nVery clean  restrooms  included \n\nCONS:\nn/a 
 I took my cousin from California here for lunch. We were both eating lite since a   I was dieting and b  my family was having dinner at my mother s house and she was slaving over lasagna al day  so if anyone knows anything about Italian mother s  you better arrive hungry. Back to mitchell s   I had the iceberg wedge with bacon  egg  tomatoes and  a delicious home made blue cheese dressing.  I also ordered  a bowl of seafood gumbo which was the best gumbo  I ever tasted. It wasn t overly packed with rice  as  a matter of fact  there wasn t much rice at all. It was mostly shredded crab  scallops  and shrimp with  a very delicate broth that wasn t to thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing. It wasn t  a lot of heat  just enough to make it exciting. As for the iceberg wedge salad  every once in awhile  I need  a piece of iceberg instead of  a bowl of spring mix  ie: tender weeds . The star of this salad was the chef made blue cheese dressing. It was not overly thick  very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and eg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily  a pound slice.  I tasted  a little bite and must say it s the best carrot cake I ve ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than \"cheesy\"  it was  a great surprise when you re expecting the normal cream cheese frosting. There were whole walnuts throughout the cake and many raisins  which  I love. Also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than I ve tasted in the past.  I highly recommend it. It was  a wonderful lunch and I m sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to Riverside. 
This place has great seafood. The best in the area.  I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes al the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters. Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don t forget  a reservation on weekends. You wil not get  a table and wil probably wait an hour or two if you don t have one. We never get to the dessert. Always to ful to eat dessert. Forgot to take pictures. 
Mitchell s Fish Market is  a very nice place to eat..for  a chain restaurant. And actually  if it wasn t  a chain  it wouldn t be to bad either. The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant  - the room was warm and intimate  perfect for  a date. It wasn t to noisy or to crowded  and we were seated right away on  a Friday around 7:30 pm.\n\nOur server was friendly  and happy to give recommendations.  I started with  a house salad  which  I told the server  I would split with my boyfriend. She brought it to us on two separate plates  which  I thought was  a nice touch  and more than what  I expected. Poppy seed dressing was okay  it s pretty thick and creamy as  I remember  but tasty.\n\nI ordered from the special menu  since they had  a bit of  a lobster promotion going on. My entre was  a combo: lobster tail  and \"lobster pot pie.\" Now  lobster is  a beautiful thing  but  I have to say..it wasn t beautiful here. It wasn t awful  but it didn t taste as fresh as  I like  I m guessing that s because the meat was frozen originally . It s just  a shame. Dipping the lobster in butter was  a pleasant experience  but it s supposed to be an ecstatic one.\n\nThe lobster pot pie was totes not what  I imagined.  I pictured  a flaky  golden crust   a delicious creamy lobstery gravy  and big hunks of lobster and vegetables. Instead..I got what sort of resembled  a smal bread bowl made of  a biscuit. There was  a lot of sauce  which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich  with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from  a bag of frozen veg  I d recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere   Whaat  It wasn t bad or anything  but not what  I imagined.  I was  a little bummed out. \n\nSo everything we ate was just fine  and nice when you re craving seafood..but  I think in future I d rather just head to the Strip  get  a lobster  and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn t try their fresh preparations  so  I can t say how those were.\n\nI d say in the Waterfront though  it s probably one of your better options. Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices. And the atmosphere is great  including the service. 
Excellent service  great meal  They had an excellent selection of seafood  and  I can t wait to dine again 
Delightful  After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront  we zoomed past what looked like  a wonderful patio situation at Mitchell s  right on the river. We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitres even filled our water bottles for us  The interior of the restaurant is very nice  sea-themed  and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to  a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional  knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on  a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first  muddled basil  grapefruit juice and vodka  I forget the name . SO refreshing  the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was  a frothy pineapple-vodka with  a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners.  I stuck with  a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :  The ap we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was  a pretty decent size to split  and came with sushi rice   a red onion/cucumber relish  ginger and wasabi.  I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good  - definitely recommend  My bf couldn t help himself so he also ordered  a cup of lobster bisque  which  I don t eat  but he said it was very good. He also polished of some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and  I had no idea it was even  a chain. The waiter said they were expanding  so hopefully the quality and service don t go down.  I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren t bad  it was the lunch menu  - I m sure the dinner menu is pricier.   I felt like  I was on vacation and I l definitely be back  
This was  a great find near Pittsburgh alternative to down town scene. Ambiance was great on the deck by the river  and service was excellent  Thanks Melisa for history lessens  . Seafood including Oysters were fresh and wel prepared. Price was reasonable for \"Prefix\" menu including scrumptious dessert. What an evening to end  a fantastic summer day in Pittsburgh. 
DRINKS: Water for me  Yuengling for my fiance\nAPPETIZERS: Cup of Maine Lobster Bisque for me - so good  My fiance had the New Orleans Seafood Gumbo which  I had  a taste of it and it was good  but  I liked my soup better..very rich and creamy but ful of flavor with  a fair amount of lobster bits mixed in. The bread they served with the apps was fresh baked  I believe sourdough  and it was quite tasty along with the whipped butter. Our entrees came with house salads  - had great elements  but  I felt  I couldn t enjoy mine because the dressing given was  a poppyseed vinagrette and  I can t handle to much acidity in my food these days. My fiance however cleaned his salad plate  not  a sentence  I utter often .\nENTREES:  I had one of the specials  Grilled Shrimp and Scallops with roasted summer vegetables and tomato vinagrette  which  I asked for on the side . The seafood part was great  - the vegetables were so-so. My fiance had the special of Cod stuffed with Lobster  and some other seafood  with asparagus and  a lemony sauce  -  I had  a taste of his and it was really yummy  I l def order that next time  We both finished our plates  which wasn t to challenging b/c the portions were moderate  I got  3 srhimp and  3 scallops for example  but stil filling.\nDESSERT: Didn t order any\nSERVICE: Friendly  though  a little sparse. After we finished our meals we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check. But our server was overal friendly and we didn t feel neglected or anything.\nDEALS/DISCOUNTS: None\nOVERALL: We liked the variety and freshnes of seafood. Def  a place we d consider going to again  which is the main mark of  a very good experience  
Got lunch from here today. \n\nWhat  I sampled: \nMaine Lobster Bisque  delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here \nCheeseburger  decent version  I only ate about half  but  I expect the other half won t last long \n\nOveral  I enjoy going here  though it is  a bit overpriced  but sometimes  I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque  
We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us mis our reservation somewhere else. We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7  they run happy hour which is half of apps and  3 beers. \n\nI had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was  a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness  the wait staf was very attentive.\n\nMy wife s steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to  a perfect medium level. We wil def be back. 
Went on  a Saturday   2 hour wait. food is good   I got some seafood gumbo to go and  I won t do that again. Seemed like it didn t have any seafood in it. 
The service is great and friendly.  I got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it was superb.  I love the fresh  right out of the oven bread too.  I got the Atlantic salmon  and it was probably the best fish  I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation  and they were right. Just make sure you make  a reservation  Best seafood restaurant in da burgh  
Service was slow  but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender  her favorite server  serve us in our private room for  a party of 8. The food and drinks were good and we woud return. 
 I am bummed about this-  I had high hopes. Here s  a rundown of the evening:\n\nPros:\n- super friendly waitress  Stephanie  who maintained her professionalism and friendlines throughout \n- yummy elderflower and pear beverage\n- lobster bisque was nice and lobster-y\n- hot delicious bread\n\nCons:\n- oysters were sketch. And  I don t feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back.\n- fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat- what s up with that \n- scallops were meh- came with weird veggies  unevenly seared  and no real flavor. And at  a whopping  25  a plate   I expect some nummers \n\nI doubt we l go back- for those prices   I would prefer McCormick s or Ruth s Chris. 
Good food..yummy 
Service an atmosphere was great.  I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything. 
I m not  a mean reviewer  if you look at the other places I ve reviewed  but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland  with very little seasoning.  I have  a very low sodium tolerance and yet  I stil found this fish to be made to bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as  I took my first bite.  I talked to the waitres and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn t the same. The whole dish was  a fail and  I don t think  I am ever coming back again :  
 I went here on  a recent busines trip  and there aren t many decent options in West Homestead  so  I decided to splurge on the company s dollar and ordered take-out. \n\nI was highly disappointed in the service  and  I only ordered take out. Upon going to the bar to announce that  I was there for take out  there were  3 other people at the bar. The bartender had her back to me and it wasn t until  a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me. \n\nAfter announcing the reason for my visit  she checks on my order  not ready yet  and helps other tables. No offer of water  or  a drink. Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me  a drink  she stated to him my order would be right up. He then asked if she offered me  a water  to which she replied  her order is going to be right up. He placed  a glas of water in front of me.\n\nThen  I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.  3 staf members yelled.  . .\"it s TAKEOUT\" so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.\n\nGentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet  she had not \n\nAfter more time had passed  how long does it take to put food into  a takeout container   it finally is put down in front of me. She then rings me up.  I don t expect take out to be piping hot  but at this point  i wondered if it was even going to be room.\n\n  Yes absolutely for drinks  they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park. The ambiance is very nice. Of the  4 types of reviews  I give  awesome  OK  bad where they get slammed and bad where  I hope they improve  here  I am giving the heartfelt \"bad where  I hope they improve.\" Our waitres was very friendly and did  a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato. We went with appetizers she recommended. Not good. \n\nSeared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub  the prep  the tuna wasn t cool inside  the chips were not good  there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi. NOT good. With heartfelt advice  compare this against Outback s ahi tuna appetizer and it s no contest. The chef should do so.  He s  a nice guy like me  I hope.  \n\nBBQ shrimp: go try Redstone s  Philly  buffalo shrimp appetizer. It is chilled  very delicious. This appetizer was recommended and was garbage. The barbecue sauce was horrible  overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients  palate. Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real \"must-miss\". \n\nCod entre was OK. The skillet beans were to firm  to mature  they need petite green beans. Potato skin had grit in the mashed.   The price was close to Capital Grille  but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up. The place is nice. 
Had the blackened fish taco s  the were very good along with  a pint of Guinness. Recommended. 
First of  I have to note  their Maine Lobster Bisque is amazing. Definately don t mis out on it. \n\nThat being said  we had lunch there and the lunch portions are  a good value.  I had the Cedar Plank salmon. The fish was fantastic  except that the vegetables were  a little bland. \n\nThe atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed  and  I don t think I ve ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there  so it is  a nice place to go to have  a quiet meal with someone special. 
 I have always had  a great dinner at Mitchell s but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30  the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at al to ask about drinks or even bring water   I started timing. 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostes what had happened and got  a blank stare. Sorry but not going back there again. 
The service was mostly friendly but  I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and  I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones. Overall   I thought it was mediocre and  I was expecting more for the prices. 
The food was really good  but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the smal side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me.  I got the \"shark fin\" pie and it was really good. The waitres thought  I wouldn t be able to finish it. but  I showed her. Take that  waitress. 
 I have passed by this place  a zillion times and never given it  a second look.  I thought it might be  a Red Lobster knock off. Then  I asked  a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had  and liked it.\n\nI was pleasantly surprised by how nice the ambiance was inside. Very cozy. Much more upscale than  I had thought it would be. The service was terrific. Lots of things to choose from on the menu.  A bit pricier than  I had imagined. Most entrees were anywhere from  17 to  30. But this is Pittsburgh and this is seafood.\n\nThat said  they started us of with really delicious sour dough bread. Butter was soft which  I like. Our entrees came pretty quickly.  I had  a seafood assortment of blackened talapia  grilled sea scallops and salmon cooked on  a plank. The scallops were just done   I like them cooked  a little more. Everything else was pretty good.\nMy beloved had the crab cakes and really enjoyed them.\n\nWe l probably be back  but wil order something different. We liked it. 
Food was excellent. Went for the Sunday brunch and loved it.  I highly recommend the steak and eggs with the zucchini pancakes  really an outstanding dish. Oh  and if you get the carrot cake..one is enough for everyone  It was huge  and it was so good   I don t know how they can make something taste that good and cook it in such large volumes. Really was an excellent experience  my only reason for not giving it  a five star review was that there was to much time in between our courses. There was probably  a good 40 minutes that passed between our salads and our entrees. That s  a little long for me when I m at  a brunch. Usually  I don t eat  a breakfast if I m going to something like that  so 40 minutes was to long for me. 
Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard  over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor.  I wil say the service was the best. Our waiter was great  
absolutely delicious. wonderful service. 
We had  a bigger party and  I think that might have flustered the waitresses just  a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out  but were super apologetic when they did bring them. The food was ok.  I ordered the crab cakes they were  a bit heavy on the breading  so  I would give them  a rating of  \"eh\". My friend ordered  a steak  asked for medium rare  and it came out..wel done. He was to hungry to complain and just ate it. We might go back again  and this time maybe take  a bit more time looking over the menu. 
Very very good chain family restaurant.  I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of  5  I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It s hard for me to give  a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close. 
Love this place  - they were very accommodating to me  Peanut and Gramma  she goes often . Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make  a good Margarita. We al enjoyed al of our food as well. Great view of the Mon too. 
Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food.  I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with  a little bit of spice. This is  a great place for  a seafood lover. 
Amazing valentines dinner and service  Curt was simply  a wonderful server and the food was fantastic. \n\nOnly negative was  a few overly salted bites. But as someone who is  a salt minimalist. That could purely be my palate only. 
The tuna was enjoyable and the service was prompt. The house Chardonnay was buttery and was  a good compliment to the fish. It was  a Tuesday night so the place was busy but not crowded. Since  I wasn t \"wowed\" by the place  I won t give it  5 stars but  I had no dissatisfaction to speak of.  I wil be back  if I m not acros the street at the Rock Bottom Brewery . 
My husband and  I went to Mitchell s last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took  a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon  after lunch but before the dinner crowd .  I can t say enough about this place..we have gone here on  a few occasions and I ve always been please with everything. \n\nPros: Nice friendly waitress  who took some time to take our picture  since it was our anniversary   food was excellent and not extremely overpriced  restaurant and bathrooms were clean \n\nCons: None on this visit or any previous visits 
Love this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though  takes FOREVER to our meals  Even during lunch time when there s almost no one there.  I don t understand  I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh  lobster is delicate and tasty  and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy- perfect thickness  Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for  a date night :  pricey  Definitely  be prepared to spend at least  20/person  
First  I would like to say that  I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. \nThat being said   I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp. \nI originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas  the ran out upon my ordering  in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence  the tuna. \nNow the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly  with the rare flavor stil intact. \nI would most definitely come back again and if  I lived in the area  this would be one of my top spots. 
Good quality food here. The clam chowder was excellent and so was the tuna appetizer and the Americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallops in  a creamy spinach sauce with smal potatoes. I d go here again if possible. 
 I love Mitchell s Fish Market. 95  of the time  the food is amazing but  when they mes up  they move heaven and earth to make it better. The last time we were at Mitchell s   I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers. My lobster was underdone. The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though  I had eaten most of it. Then  to make our night even better  comped us  a dessert. It s that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back. 
 I have eaten some very good dinners here. Although it s  a chain   I would say it s several notches above the other chain restaurants. The chef here seems to ad some creativity to the menu  so  I wil be definitely back again soon. 
The patio view is beautiful  and the food is good  too  We ordered the Gril Rainbow trout  Shang Hai Rainbow trout  Crispy Ginger cod    rainbow trout. Everyone is happy about the dish. They have music every Thursday  it is  a little bit loud  but the band is really good. Wil come again  
The lobster rolls were delicious  the blackened fish tacos were light and flaky  not to spicy and had  a nice salsa. The white sangria was very refreshing and not to alcoholic. The outdoor view of the river was really enjoyable and the service was quick. 
Mitchell s is located on the river side of the Waterfront and out of the crazy \"let s fight to find  a parking spot\" area. They do take reservations  but doubtful you need one on  a weekday during lunch. It wasn t busy when  I was there on  a Tuesday at noon.\n\nMitchell s has  a cool layout  - large ful bar in the middle  private large rooms for large parties  smaller areas for busines lunches  ful dining room seating with tables and booths  and an excellent outdoor patio where you can watch people ride by on the bike trail. \n\nThis is  a seafood restaurant with lots of good options for fresh in season fish. You can choose from  a number of different fish to have prepared for salads  sandwiches  or just as they are.  I had the chopped salad and added scallops to it. Delicious  \n\nThe price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around  15 with your lunch and  a soda/iced tea. For that price  you really can t complain.  I drop almost that much at Panera on  a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea. \n\nI m sure it s much busier for dinner but  I find Mitchell s to be an excellent place for  a busines lunch or just meeting friends. I ve been here for brunch as wel and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab. 
Went for dinner Friday evening with friends and sat at the outdoor patio. It is so nice and relaxing there with the river and bike trail. The sourdough bread they serve is always hot and fresh. The Chilean sea bas just melts in your mouth  it was awesome. The Cod stuffed with shrimp and lobster was also very good.  I had the carrot cake for dessert  it is big enough for  3 people. It was so delicious. My friend had the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e  which she said was very good.  I was here  3 times this summer and every meal was excellent. 
My family and  I go here whenever there is  a special occasion and for good reason. The food is fantastic and the service cannot be beat  at least not when it s coming from the Governor or Kennedy. Best servers in the  burgh   I took my Dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday  didn t tel anyone that it was  a special night out  but they treated us with such attention  accommodating our needs to  a T. Kennedy adjusted meals to fit our taste  suggested things based on what we were looking for  took at least 10 minutes with us going over the menu..I could go on  but needles to say  it was just  a fabulous meal and was worth every penny. We got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start  lobster bisque soup  cedar plank salmon  Chilean sea bass  and  a fish medley made to order. We also always get the  7 layer carrot cake  which to me is the best cake anywhere in town.  A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy  he s  a real dude. 
Have been here  a few times. The wait staf is always top notch and food is very good.  I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was  a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted how they should. Overal like in the past we had  a great experience at mitchells which is not something  I always expect from  a chain. 
 I went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family. The restaurant is located on the Waterfront area. The variety of fish was excellent  including the fresh fish of the day.  I ordered the atlantic cod and it was delicious.\nThe waitress  service was really good. \nI definitely recommend this restaurante. 
Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront. 
Top points. \nService.  I was there with  a large group for  a meeting. They gave us  a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. \n\nAppetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I m always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. \n\nWedge salad with bleu cheese. Waay to much cheese and  I like bleu cheese. \n\nI had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry  Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. \nTuna had blackening spices but needed  a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. \nOther dishes seen--fisherman s platter. Looked  a little greasy  but that s expected from me in  a ful fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. \n\nOveral I m always underwhelmed and overcharged here.  I gues with chain places you get that  but  I want more from  a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna. 
 A OK \n\nReally loved the bacon wrapped shrimp  So amazing with the sauce on the side. This was probably the the best part of the meal. \n\nI also had blacken salmon with  a double order of spinach instead of  a starch. The spinach was just steamed without any flavoring. Which is better in the long run  but  I wish they had options for sauteed with garlic. \n\nThe service was great as well  We were always taken care of. \n\nWil definitely bring my bf here in the future. 
This was my first time at this location. I ve frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant. There s  a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don t usually eat at chain restaurants nor wil  I review them because they re typically big food corporate run places that don t care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders. This place seems different to me. The food quality and care seems to be very high. \n\nThe staf is always wel trained.  I like the decor and ambiance. The menu offers many options.  I don t really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be smal in some of the dishes but overal  I am  a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home. \n\nWe were here for  a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people. The room was  a little smal and it ended up being to loud to but the staf really pulled it of overall. It s  a tough thing to do. It wasn t perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh. Nicely done. 
We went here for Thanksgiving dinner; we had called ahead to check out vegan options  but the person on the other end was  a little grumpy about the matter  but there s so little open on that day  there was little choice except to make sure  I ate  a big lunch earlier.\n\nI ordered the Thai salad  which is probably the only vegan item on the menu  - really just  a coleslaw with  a peanut sauce and some funky chips.  I also ordered some grilled vegetables. Both were good  but not amazing. \n\nThe beer selection was really bad  I mean  dive bar stuff   however the slightly pricey wine selection redeemed the place  and we had  a great red and white. \n\nThe service to was pretty good  but  I simply can t recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan items. 
My husbands first time. Nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking.  I had  a trio of Jamaican jerk tilapia  salmon  and scallops. Al good but to much sauce on scallops. Husband had surf  n turf special. Snow crab legs tasty but smaller portion than  I expected. Glad they had raw oysters  but no idea where they were from. For  2.50 each you d think they d say. Waitstaf friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine. We taught two of them how to open  a champagne bottle. Nice time out  but two gripes. Used my phones flashlight to se if there was an outlet on the floor. Felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinners gone by. Crumbs  napkins wedged between booth and wall  gum  dirt. For the price  I would expect  a cleaner place. our waiter kept saying Thank you. After every single sentence  even when it wasn t appropriate. Silly gripe  right  But it was way over the top and felt more like  Can  I have  a tip  Can  I have  a tip  
In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.\nBroiled scallops were very good  partner had sea bas stuffed with lobster  also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was  83. In and out in an hour.\nI d go back because the fish was that good 
Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters very fresh .  I always like appetizers more than their entrees 
 I love old navy clothing  it s vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too   I love the painter s jeans. 
 I hadn t been shopping at Old Navy for at least  a year or two. Recently   a friend of mine told me that she loved their new Fall/Holiday collection  so  I popped by based on her recommendation.  I absolutely love their winter outerwear  They have  a lot of beautiful coats this year for amazing prices  and  I just had to pick up two  only  70 for both with their current sale .\n\nOutside of their current product   I was impressed by the size of the store  which seems  a bit larger than average. Though it is  a lot of square footage to cover   I was not impressed by their sales floor customer service. Yes  it s Old Navy  but  I shopped in this store thre times over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear. However  the woman that assisted me in the fitting room had  a great attitude  and  I really enjoyed interacting with her.\n\nOverall   a four star Old Navy experience. If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor  I d give them  a five  
Very bad purchase experience.  I bought  a shirt with  a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves  but they denied my request to return it.  I am so angery at this and wil never shop their chothes anymore. 
After further consideration  this store does not deserve  a  4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently  which isn t the store s fault  but the severe lack of customer service doesn t help the situation. \n\nWhile shopping here on Friday   I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store.  I would practically walk into  a sales associate but not even receive  a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates   I wil be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future. 
It s just like Old Navy anywhere  - wel maybe not the one in San Francisco  which is always packed  - it ws pre Thanksgiving  so quiet before the storm on Black Friday. \n\nI picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend  -  a  2.45 pair of flip flops  it was preparing to snow outside . 
This store is laid out better than any other Old Navy I ve been to before. It was so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for. The staf was also very friendly.\nIf only al Old Navy stores were like this one. 
I m not to impressed with this particular Dick s Sporting Goods. It is in  a great location in the Waterfront  but the selection seems  a bit limited to me. They have what you need  but they don t have many options it seems.\n\nI went in there the other day and it looks like they also have  a snowboarding section now  which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting  golfing and biking  in addition to the other regular deptartments. \n\nYour normal Dick s. Nothing spectacular  but it wil do. 
 I don t se to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick s seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it s good for smal children who want their first snowboard  It is  a very average store with average products.  I would like to se some attempt to carry more high end products.  I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so  I am not sure about these departments   I gues if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because  I se aisles upon endles aisles of these types of products. 
Monopoly complete..I finally understand why  and how  Dick s Sporting Goods can charge the prices they do - there is no competition. Come on people   I need these warming items to keep from turning into  a Sal-cicle and  I am paying  a lot of money to accomplish this. The only saving grace is that the people are nice and the selection is there. Can we get some lower prices  
 I enter every sporting goods stores as  a soccer player  runner  and sports fan  so my reviews wil always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said  this is probably the worst Dick s location that I ve ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear  which must be  a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear. It s mostly low-end youth gear  too  which makes it nearly useles to adults or even some teenage soccer players.\n\nThe staf at this location has always been really nice  though  and it s the closest location to where we live  so  I stil end up going there quite  a bit for running and clothing needs  of course  we usually leave empty-handed as they don t have what we re looking for . \n\nThey do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you re looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams  but this store just doesn t have the overal inventory necessary to be considered  a \"good\" Dick s location. 
It is now  a shop and save. 
living alone  I love the  5 for  20 deals they have on meat.  I also love Faygo products when  I have  a party or bbq so their sales are always right on time. They don t have as many stores in the area but they are worth checking out. The lines are  a lot shorter and the staf is  a lot friendlier. 
This store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it shows. Fifteen years ago if you didn t get there by 9am you would have fight  a crowd. Now it never seems al that busy. Many of the store s best and dedicated employees left or were let go  about five years ago  and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employe turnover has seemed to slow. 
 A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park acros the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail  2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by  2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy acros the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must  I say more  bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hel out of that area cause if you cal  a shank  a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you. 
By far the worst McDonald s in the world. Employees are to busy playing grab as behind the counter  to get your order correct. Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order  after waiting what seems an eternity. I ve even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru  only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac. Save yourself the aggravation  and do not go here. 
You know it s bad when  a McDonald s gets  a  1 star review..I mean  seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to  a McDonald s. The whole point of going to McDonald s is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case   I just wanted  a smal meal/snack that wouldn t cost me as much as the stuf in Kennywood would.  I hadn t even eaten at  a McDonald s in about eight years or so. And  I quickly remembered why \n\nForget the fact that McDonald s food isn t great. We al know it s not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters   I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won t be getting any fast food here  Then  once  I FINALLY placed my order  and finally got to the window to pay  because of course  I spent  a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders    a young woman took my card  swiped it..and didn t say another word.  I waited thinking she was printing  a receipt  - nope  Eventually  - after whipping out her phone and sending  a text or two  - she realized  I was stil there and told me to go to the next window for my food.    I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good..but they were not worth the wait or trouble.\n\nI concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and les of  a waste of your time and money  and the people here are so slow that you l spend more time waiting for your food then you wil eating it. 
By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the\nWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that  after your long wait in the drive thru  your order wil most definitely be wrong. Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own  a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills. They have al gone down hil in quality  service and cleanliness. The owner has to be the problem. 
Underated and ignored  if you se this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style  Better then DiSallas the only thing  I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo s    they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wal type places and this is one of those enviroments  Smal and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon  To just enjoy with yourself and  a friend  
 I have to admit  the first time  I hate here   I absolutely hated the pizza. And  I think it was because  I was expecting something completely different than  I got. Latina Pizza is very different from most pizza shops. Instead if  a round thin crust pizza  this pizza is square  thick  and doughy. The crust is not really that good  but that is not why you get  a pizza here. It s the homemade sauce. And that it is  a family owned place that is really pretty inexpensive. \n\nThe other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to Kennywood. So usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizzas and drinks. No lines  no waiting for tables  no outrageous prices. It s  a time to recharge  and sometimes we feel like going back to the park  other times we decide to go home. 
Good pizza at  a great price. The unique crust that s both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody  but our whole group liked it. The sauce is good too  light but with  a good tomato flavor. \n\nThe best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under  40  with plenty of leftovers taken home. 
This is the best bike store I ve walked into. Their primary focus is on racing bikes  but  as I m not  a racer  the service stays top notch in much lower price ranges.\n\nGot greeted by the staff  and my girlfriend and  I got the luxury of absolutely no pressure as we walked around and looked at bikes. She explained what she was looking for  and the staf explained what they had and what price range she was looking at.  I wound up talking to another person working there  and let them try to find  a bike that fit.  I m 6 8\"  and as  I found out  fit pretty wel on an XXL Scot 65cm frame. \n\nAnyways  back to my girlfriend s experience. What impressed me was after they had  a bike they thought was  a winner  they let her go on  a test ride around the neighborhood there. And then when she came back in two minutes  told her that wasn t ideal  and sent her back out  with instructions to take the second left and try it on  a hill. After she figured out yes  that was the bike  the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her; he wound up switching out the stem  adding  a seat with  a little more travel  and getting everything just so. There was no hurry. There was no pressure.\n\nThe amount of interest that the staf showed in getting each person the just-so fit gets five stars; if you want  a bike that fits  it s worth it to browse here.\n\nAnd  update:  I went out the other day  and asked for  a price on  a bike costing about 25  of the bike  I tooled around on there two weeks ago. Without batting an eye  and without  a hint of bike snobbery  the owner ran of to figure out what it d cost me.  I talked to him about the differences between  a double and triple  and he spent twenty minutes explaining the pros and cons  and gave  a strong suggestion on the double. \n\nThat said  the price he quoted me was also 10  under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike.  I asked for the price of an upgrade to  a single part on the new bike  and he quoted me about half the price  I expected from doing research on the internet. \n\nCustomer-friendly  wel priced  super-high-quality bicycles. A++.\n\n\nEdit   4 years later: \n\nGlen  Beth  and the rest of the crew here are stil there  and stil awesome. My girlfriend is now my wife. My lowend Trek road bike now has more miles on it. :- \n\nIt s stil  a much longer drive to get to Big Bang  but for any work on my bike  I m glad to make the drive. Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro  which is nearer  and I l occasionally stop there on  a ride; that said  for drop-off-the-bike work  Big Bang is my absolute go-to. 
This is the best experience I ve had at  a bike store in the Pittsburgh area.  I have been shopping around for  a couple months for  a new road bike  which was going to be my first road bike ever  meaning that I m fairly clueles about how to pick one out . Also  since I m  a student   I don t have particularly deep pockets.\n\nAt Big Bang   I was greeted basically the moment  I walked in the door. I m kind of shy when  I know that  I don t really know what I m doing  but  I wasn t pressured or harassed in any way by the staff. Even though my price range was pretty low  they stil tried their hardest to find  a bike that suited my needs  and they found  a bike that fitted me perfectly  and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price . They take  a lot of care to make sure you re properly fitted to the bike.\n\nAlso  this is one of the few bike stores I ve been to where test riding is gleefully encouraged  rather than grudgingly allowed. Definitely it s the only bike store where they l tel you \"You haven t tried it out enough  go climb up the hil on it \" - they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike  rather than making  a quick sale.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone who s looking for  a road bike  whether they re  a seasoned racer or  a neophyte rider like me. 
I ve had mixed results here.  I would definitely recommend if buying  a new bike  but have had much les succes with items/parts I ve ordered or with repairs. 
  . SO WHAT\"S WITH  140 FOR  A TUNE UP  Wel the story goes like this:\n\nI bring the bike into B prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is  a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 590 ready for the season. Turns out  I don t hear from these guys.  A week goes by ..two weeks..I think that s ok  I have two or thre other bike  I can turn to for  a ride. Then  I wind up going out of town for  a week thinking for sure I l get  a cal from them re: my bike is ready to roll..but no dice. So  I call. Turns out  a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out  is that my fault  . He says \"Should be ready in  a few days\". So  I come in  a few days later to this mammoth bill.  I ask if  I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw   I don t think  I ever got  a straight answer   I look at the bil and can t se  a good breakdown of the charges. Normally  I would \"duke it over\"  a bil like this but  I figured..I had somewhere  I to be 10 minutes ago and at least  I finally have my bike.  I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over  overhauled . But it wasn t. Wel B I l give you  a star because the mechanic did do  a good job in that my cycle shifts wel and the tape job on the bars looks great  nice wrap . Plus I l tos in  a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe  I would have rated B higher if  I was in the market for  a purchase instead of  a simple repair  
 I wrote this review right after  I had bought my bike.  I would like to update to reflect further experiences I ve had with BB.\n\nSo  first of all  one of the shifters on my bike turned out to be defective  not super-unusual for the Shimano short-reach shifters  also totally not the shop s fault - these things happen . Since it was covered under warranty  B switched it out for  a new set of shifters  at no cost to me.  I had my bike back in  a couple days  no mus no fuss.\n\nMy husband got  a used road bike from Craigslist  and we brought it in for  a tuneup. The bike had several things wrong with it  due to  a shoddy assembly job  and B basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it  cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bits.  I can t remember the total cost of this  but it was under  100.\n\nI would totally recommend BB  due to their general awesomeness.  I haven t had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop  even when bringing in  a bike that  I haven t bought there. 
 I created an account just to review this shop  it s that awesome.\n\nThis is by far the premier shop in al of western PA  and arguably the state. \n\nGlen the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the U.S. when it comes to cycling. Having spent time in Europe  and with some of the biggest names in the industry  he truly knows what he s talking about.\n\nFurthermore; he s  a pleasure to talk to  incredibly friendly and passionate as anything about the sport. As for bike fitting  this is the only shop  I would go to  Glenn s knowledge and background can t be competed with  and he is incredibly thorough.\n\nYes  they equipment is expensive  but that s  a result of the quality they carry..not them setting prices high. Cycling is expensive  end of story. \n\nIf you re looking to pick up your next huffy  go to walmart. If you want  a quality bike that is going to fit you  and operate perfectly: go to big bang. 
Bought  a bike there on my second time in the shop. Glen is very knowledgeable but can be  a bit overwhelming  annoying and pushy   I can se how he can be very helpful to the average Joe  but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework  as this place is not walmart  mid to high level product here.  I would encourage getting fitted and even buying  a bike there  but going back for service is  a whole different story. Same day service is unheard of here  even for the simplest of adjustments  no service is available at al on the weekends. the first time  I took  a bike there to have  a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted  I had already purchased and had the hanger  1 days went by before  I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just  a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt. The second time.  I took  a bike in to have  a damaged shift lever replaced with  a new 780 pair.  I called after  9 days and they said it wold be  2 days more. when  I showed up  2 days later it stil wasn t done  it took  2 more following that  13 days total. Stay away from their service department 
When you walk out of Big Bang Bikes you know you are buying  a bike that fits YOU  Glen is amazing and he wil help you reach your specific goals  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable. The best bike shop..by far. Great prices and service. We live in the north and won t hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related. 
Great customer service  
This place is the absolute BEST to purchase  a bike   I have been searching for  a bike for  a while now and every place  I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn. \nThe one guy in the shop helped pick me  a bike for what  I needed and Glen fit me perfectly to the bike. They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me  Oh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories  Wonderful service. Absolutely wil go back  . Can t wait  
I ve got to be honest   I don t think I ve ever been as blown away by customer service as  I was here.  I went in about half an hour before closing  was not rushed at all.  I basically just walked in and said  I was interested in  a road bike but knew very little about them  I m  a MTBr .  I was helped by Glenn  who  within two minutes  had me sitting on  a bike  measuring me and adjusting things  and explaining the physics behind positioning and angles and the difference between the male and female physique on  a road bike. At no point did he try to upsel anything  in fact  he didn t even ask me about  a budget . He just gave me  a few things to think about before  I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that wil give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed..this is absolutely where  I wil be buying my bike. 
If you re in the market for  a high quality bike  whether it be road  mountain  racing  or hybrid  go to se Glen at BB. It s very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with  a bike that suited my needs.  I actually bought my Trek 730 over  3 years ago and  I absolutely love it  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment. Highly recommended. 
Big Bang Bicycles is phenomenal  Amazing selection and service   I live in the San Francisco  Bay Area with plenty of premium bicycle shops available  but  I do most of my cycling shopping at Big Bang Bicycles when  I visit family in Pittsburgh. This shop carries top gear and has in stock tons of options so you can see  feel and evaluate them first hand to know what s going to give you the best feel and performance. Glenn  the owner  is very knowledgeable  friendly and you can feel his passion for cycling and making sure you get the right product and fit for you. Even if you re not in the Pittsburgh area but you know what you want - send your order to Big Bang Bicycles and I m certain you l have  a great experience. Awesome shop  Thank you Glen and team  
  This is about the only red sauce pizza  I ever get  a craving for  and boy howdy is it good. The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom  while stil having enough dough on the edge to provide  a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful  not too. well  doughy. The sauce is great  and they don t drown the pizza in it. There s just enough cheese; not so much it s an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can t tel it s there. If you can go while Mama s working  al the better.\n\nYou can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split  a smal  8-cut  pizza with one topping   9  and with our two cans of pop we were out for  10. You can t beat that. And I d put Bellisario s pizza up against any in the city.\n\nI grew up  a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario s and  I have  a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up  a cheese pizza to bring home  my mom being to dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied children around to go pick it up. Every time  I have  a slice  it brings back great memories. But I ve had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as  I think it is.\n\nIt s  a little divey  stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza  but it s perfect. If you re in West Mifflin  say  going to Kennywood   drive over and eat  a pizza. They ve also got hoagies and calzones  and  I think that s about it. But with pizza this good  who cares  
This place makes AWESOME pizza. Also  their Italian hoagies are great. The only problem is that they do not open until 4. 
Okay so  I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne  PA which is outside of Pittsburgh from Harrisburg  PA of al places. Where  I am at  really there is no delivery but these guys did. They were nice and cordial and cheap but  I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg  Downtown  run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust  while thin  did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were smal for their  8 slice which  I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I ve definitely had way better.  2 stars for being cheap and delivering. 
Good pizza and  i love the breadsticks..i don t know to much else about this place 
Pizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there  it s really good. When they aren t  you get pizza that is over cooked  more like burnt  and LONG delivery times. The pizza  even when plain  is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options. 
 I have been looking for  3 years for good crab rangoon  -  I finally found it  We had boneles ribs that were absolutely wonderful. Definitely going back  
Best menu best food in Pittsburgh  Thank goodnes  I only live  5 min away  
Ok this is my first yelp review   I never left any reviews for other restaurants  but  I am writing it because  I want others to know about this place more.\n\nRestaurant run by family. very friendly  clean cooking environment  and Great food.  I would come to this place again and again whenever  I visit Pittsburgh.\n\nIts les than 10min drive from Kennywood  if you are visiting Kennywood you should definitely try this place. 
Love this place. Run by family. Best General Tso s around. And when  I walk in they cal me Mr. Spicy  
Using an ap  I found for thrift-aholics thanks to my friend  Yvette  we came acros American Thrift Center out in West Mifflin on one of our al day thrift excursions. This store is  a little out of the way if you re not from this area  and you may feel you re getting  a little lost since you end up driving in  a more rural looking area until you get to the plaza where it s located. It has lots of parking in  a private lot and trust me the outside is no indication of how big it is inside. \n\nThis store has so much stuf packed into  a fairly large space. The clothing selection and shoe selection is the real gem here.  I love knick knacks as much as the next person  but eventually I m going to need to pick up  a new dres or jeans to cut into shorts.\n\nThe place wasn t packed  which is  a nice surprise for weekend day at  a big thrift store. The clothes were organized wel and the prices were low. There was one thing though that sort of bugged me. It s not that  I LIKE the smel of thrifted clothes  but  I feel like anyone who thrifts knows what smel I m talking about. This place does not use whatever it is that makes the clothes smel like that.  I imagine it s some sort of disinfectant spray. You would think it would be  a good thing  but what it meant is that the cute summery dres  I found smelled like cat pe and cigarette smoke. No thanks.\n\nMy only complaints about American Thrift would be an outrageous  20 minimum for cards. \n\nTwo women working one register together that we re the least friendly store employees I ve encountered since 16 yr olds who hate their lives.\n\nNo dressing rooms.  I don t know what this theme is with thrift stores not having them  but I m getting really good at changing pants in the middle of an isle without flashing my bits to everyone.\n\nNot enough to keep me from coming back  but as far as I m concerned this is  a cash only place from this point forward. 
 I do like this store for the clothes. The prices are good on them. One thing  I don t like is the  20 minimum on cards. No one carries cash anymore  so  I think that s high. The people who work there do not smile to customers. Ever. They are friendly amongst themselves and wil point you in the right direction  literally  when  I asked where something was  the lady looked at me  not smiling  and pointed   but they don t make you feel welcome.  I wonder if they realize that we customers pay their paycheck.  I do like the 1/2 price discounts  which they change daily  but it always seems like what  I want is not on sale that day. LOL  There s no dressing room  but I ve gotten pretty good at holding an article of clothing up to me in  a mirror and guessing. The bad part about that is  if I m wrong   I own it anyway because there are no returns or exchanges. Al in all   I wil continue to go there when I m in the neighborhood  but  I can t say it s my favorite. 
Great food  service and prices. It s in  a not so great part of town  but lock your doors and it s definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area  Try the almond torte  
Thanks to Darren s sis Jessica  we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party.  I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips  but they were al good. It s to bad about the area in which it is though. 
Came here from PGH for the first time. This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian  5 grain. Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting. Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate  extra chewy and humongous. Delicious.\n\nAnd  a sweet old lady serving em up.\n\nThe best.\n\nDelicious. 
Absolutely the best bakery I ve been in ever  The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls.    coffe cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable.  I wil dream about Minerva s delicacies until  I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw  - the staf is the best. 
It sounds crazy to drive to Mckeesport for  a cookie but Minerva is the BEST  Cookies and pies are incredible. Cakes are lovely and the pastries are worth the workout to get rid of them. \n\nThey have  a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle  sometimes they sel out. 
This is my favorite bakery.  I always get great service and have never been disappointed with anything. Their toasted almond torte is to die for.  I AM ALWAYS POLITE TO THEM  MAYBE THAT S WHY  I GET GREAT SERVICE  
You have never had  a pierogie until you ve driven out to McKees Rocks and picked up  a dozen or so from Pierogies Plus. Made primarily by Polish and Ukranian immigrants  these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the states. \n\nIf the only pierogies you ve ever had were the frozen Mrs. T s you got at Giant Eagle  do yourself  a favor and check Pierogies Plus out. 
In Pittsburgh  there IS no other place to get pierogies. Everything is made by hand  fresh every day. And the mix of languages while you wait is  a real treat  There are over 30 kinds of pierogies and now that they have expanded  there are  a variety of salads and some desserts available too. Don t forget about the haluski and stuffed cabbage  They ve been on the Food Network with Bobby Flay  Food Finds  Dave    Dave from WQED  and in numerous newspaper articles. You won t find anything more authentic or delicious as this place. And they ship too  
Years after the first reviewer came here  the quality is stil great and deserving of more than  5 stars.\n\nThe people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft. The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home. They turned out ok  but not as good as getting them fresh from the store. \n\nIt can be  a bit of  a drive from anywhere that s not McKees Rocks  Google Maps takes you through the hood  but it s worth it. 
These are the best pierogies EVER  My favorite is the jalapeno pierogie  which is not that spicy  but has excellent flavor. It is such  a treat to get these when I m back in town  
Love butter  Then get the to Pierogies Plus.\n\nI live in St. Louis  and it seems like the only pierogi  I can find are in my grocer s freezer. Oh  but when  I go home to Pittsburgh   I can have as much of the chewy  flavorful  buttery goodnes as  I desire from Pierogies Plus.\n\nThe place stil looks like an old service station with  a tiny building and  a roof over an old gas pump island. Inside  though  magical elves. uh.  I mean fabulous Polish women. create deliciousnes with love - and butter. Have  I mentioned that butter is  a part of the deal  Because it totally is. You really should fast for two days before picking up pierogi from here.\n\nOh  but you l be happy you did. I m vegetarian  so  I only order meat-fre pierogi. I m in love with the saurkraut and the cheese varieties. When you pick up  a hot order  you l get your pierogi covered in with rich butter and sauteed onions. No  I m serious - the pierogi are SWIMMING in butter. It s the best thing ever. Everything is packed inside  a styrofoam container and  a plastic bag  because butter WIL spil out.\n\nYou also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to  say  lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in  a far-of city.\n\nBesides many varieties of pierogi  you also can get things from the deli cases. Last time   I had some apricot blintzes   a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy.  I really hope Pierogies Plus has the blintzes when  I visit next.\n\nAwesome thing: Pierogies Plus usually has coupons in the Entertainment Book. My best friend and  I steal al of the coupons from our families so that  I can get  a steady stream of discounted Polish goodnes each time  I visit.\n\nThe only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays.  I totally understand it - family time is important  - but that often coincides with my visits  I head east around the holidays mainly because  I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day . I ve learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule  though  because  I MUST have yummy goodness.  A pierogi-les Allison is  a cranky Allison. 
These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They re freakin  amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And  I definitely think it s worth it to drive al the way out to McKees Rocks to get them.  I like to get them frozen  and bring them home and smother them in butter. 
 I was planning to attend  a conference in Pittsburgh and was researching food joints that  I wanted to check out.  A friend of mine insisted that  I go to Pierogies Plus telling me that the food was so good that ever since he went that he has had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year. While  I have never been  a huge fan of pierogies   I figured that  I should heed my friends advice since he generally steers me to places  I enjoy. Let s just say in this case  he hit the bal out of the park.\n\nI actually wound up going to Pierogies Plus straight from the airport. After getting in  a rental car and plugging in my GPS  imagine my surprise when my GPS announced \"You have reached your destination.\" and  I found myself sitting outside what appeared to be an old service station. When  I walked inside and up to the counter   I found  a crew of Polish women rocking out every kind of Pierogi imaginable.  I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.\n\nWanting to try everything   I wound up going with their Sampler Platter which was  a smal haluski  a noodle and cabbage mixture    a stuffed cabbage  and four pierogi     I wound up going with  a potato with bacon  potato with cheese  potato with jalapeno  and potato with meat . The food was outrageously good. I m actually salivating just thinking back on the meal. The stuffed cabbage was not marred by the typical drynes that can afflict that dish and was perfectly sauced. The haluski   a dish  I had never heard of  was amazing.\n\nWhile  I can t expect everyone to make their way to Pittsburgh solely to go to Pierogies Plus  do yourself  a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly wil appreciate it  
Traditional  tasty  fabulous. Order pierogies cold or hot for  a buck or two more. They always carry  4 main types of pierogies  with about 25 other kinds you can special order. There is always  a line  which says enough.  I never get tired of their halupki either. If you can deal with the billy graham leaflets and focus on the food  you l come out  a winner. Oh yeah  if you can  ask for the senior discount  
Little ladies  sitting in the back of  a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of  a hill  making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onions. it almost sounds like  a strange Pittsburgher fairy tale  but this is no tale  - the finest pierogies I ve ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station  and my Polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family s goods.\n\nWhile in line  I met folks from Rhode Island  Kentucky  and North Carolina  who al had come to McKees Rocks in their rental cars straight from the airport before even going to se their families  - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies. After enjoying  a dozen of these filling  savory  perfect pierogies   I think once  I move away from here  I wil be making that same trip to Pierogies Plus myself. 
Wel for my first time here  I was way les than impressed. The lady at the front counter was  a crab and the Pierogies really weren t that great. Rather than be kind and answering my questions  I settled with the potato and cheese pierogies.  I gues Bloomfield Bridge tavern or Mrs. T s is stil my go to place. And plus this place is way out of my way to be treated poorly.  I wouldn t go back 
My coworkers and  I left our office in Crafton  headed for Pierogies Plus. The journey there took us past bizarre  abandoned-looking buildings  and roads that suddenly ended in cement blockades. The area is prime for use as the setting of  a slasher flick. \n\nBUT  the weird drive is totally worth it. Pierogies Plus is so legit. \n\nThe setting is reminiscent of Seinfeld s  Soup Nazi : tiny interior  people standing in line shoulder-to-shoulder  and  a lady behind the counter brusquely taking orders. Oh  and make sure you order your  rogies \"hot\" if you re planning on eating them soon  Otherwise  you get  em frozen.  There s  a slight up-charge for the hot ones  btw - electricity ain t free   \n\nThey were out of the plain potato and the potato and cheese varieties when we were there  so  I had the platter with pierogies and kielbasa.  I opted for the sauerkraut pierogies  and they were SO good  The interior was filled with sauerkraut mixed with potatoes  as opposed to many other sauerkraut pierogies I ve had that were filled with only kraut.  I definitely prefer the potato/kraut mix  They were also drowning in butter and onions. Like  serious  serious butter  - Paula Deen has nothin  on these ladies  butter usage. The kielbasa was awesome  too   I also sampled their haluski and it was the best I ve ever had. Tons o  butter  seasoned with generous amounts of salt  n  pepper  and there was quite  a bit of saut\u00e9ed onions in the mix  which added even more flavor. \n\nA few things to note: They have coupons you can print out on their website  but you must cut them out if you re gonna bring  em in and use them  You cannot just hand them the whole piece of paper. If you want to order  a special variety  they need  2 days advance notice  check their site to se what the  special  ones are . They do accept credit cards  with  a  10 min. Yes  some of the ladies are not the friendliest  but the food is so good  they can be like that  and you l stil come back for more  And  parking is quite limited there. Pretty sure the building is  a converted service station. : \n\nAl in all  these pierogies are some of the best I ve ever had  and  I wil definitely be back very soon  
Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It wil change your freaking life  
OMG good pierogis in  a classic blue collar  hood. At first glance  it looks like  a place to get  a flat fixed on your tire. Instead   I re-learn why  I always avoid the corporate food franchises and seek places like this out. Just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tells you to  It s wel worth the mapquest . 
As  a skeptical out of towner   I was pretty wary after the hotel bellhop suggested this of the beaten path place. However this place far exceeded my expectations. We bought an assorted dozen of pierogies and they were al delicious  my favorites being the jalape\u00f1os pierogi and the bacon/potato pierogi .  A great find and an excellent place for someone out of town to try out pierogies  
Some great pierogies are expertly handmade with \"tender loving care \" here in this once-was-a-gas-station. Quality   I tel you. They re definitely worthy of  a pierogi pilgrimage. \n\nOrder them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice ladies also sel them cold to take home too. \n\nHot and buttery  buttery  buttery  and covered in sauteed onions is how you l get them. So good. We shared the potato and cheese  potato and sauerkraut  and hot sausage varieties. Delicious  them all. 
Best pierogies in tahn  \n\nI usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but I ve also tried  a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus. These pierogies can t be beat. Made by hand with love in the traditional old world style   I have yet to find better.\n\nIt s amazing to get there at 10:55am   5 minutes before they open and se the mad rush of people getting pierogies. By 11am  the line is already out the door. Always  a good sign. They serve their pierogies hot  cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions. And here at Pierogies Plus  they are definitely worth the wait. 
Just finished  a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV  - always look forward to Pierogies Plus  - try the apricot for  a sweet treet  
Apricot with cream cheese  who would have thought..love this place  love it so much. Print the 10  of coupon on their website before going in. Make sure  u print it out  they wil not accept it other wise. 
This place has some amazing homemade pierogies   I had never eaten anything besides the usual Mrs. T. s potato types and boy  was  I missing out  We stopped one night and got  a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato. You can buy them hot or take them home cold. There is  a smal table outside to eat  but only standing room to order inside.\n\nThey had special order pierogies that sounded amazing  but they suggest  a  2 day advance order for those. They said sometimes they wil have leftover specialty ones for sale  but it al depends on the day. \n\nThey also have haluski  stuffed cabbage and other things that  I am looking forward to trying next time. 
This little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays  - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door al day on Good Friday.  I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great  too  of course  
WARNING: ADDICTING POTATOE VERSION OF CRACK --CHEAP  frozen  cold or hot. PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm--g8 food. Outside in good weather there is  a couple little tables to sit at.  but not during the winter/early spring. MOST CUSTOMERS ARE TO GO TAKE HOME  . hours monday 11-6  tues-friday 11-7 - closed sat/sun 
Yummy  I ve never tried Polish food aside from  a sausage.  I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took  a while to get my food.  I think it s made to order. Regardless  when  I received my food it was streaming hot. Let s just say for me it was worth the wait. 
Best pierogies I ve ever had. And  seeing as how I m from Pittsburgh. that s  a lot. The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing  GO. 
This place was really good. Ordered the sampler plate with one smal haluski  one stuffed cabbage  four pierogies.  I have to admit the haluski was EPIC  OMG THE BEST  I WAS LIKE WHAT AM  I EATING  SO FREAKIN GOOD  The pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wasn t as amazing  but it was tasty. The crab cake was nasty. Yuck  
Good pierogies  but after also having Szmidts in Greenfield recently  this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me. However  if  I ever happen to be in McKees Rocks  Il make sure to keep this spot in mind. 
The experience was not that great. The lady taking the orders was nice  but not helpful with what to order. The owner kept her back turn to us the entire time  based on the pictures and news articles  I read about her  I thought she would have been more social. To what really matters we got sampler and order of jalape\u00f1o pierogies and the Ruben pierogies  a lot of food for two guys. Really had no idea what to expect. Haluski was good  the pierogies came Luke warm and soaked in oily butter. Like the cab driver said you can find better. I d pas on this spot. 
 I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and  I purchased enough so that  I could have leftovers the next day. When  I got home and opened the containers  something smelled odd. When  I started to eat  it tasted just as odd. As it turns out  what is referred to as  butter sauce  is  a misrepresentation of what it really is--margarine  which  I eliminated from my diet years ago because of the trans fats and the fact that any way you cut it  butter makes for  a better product. Sorry Allison B  ain t no butter here. Margarine is used as  a cost-cutting measure  and it just can t measure up.  I rinsed of the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions. The haluski got thrown away. For the prices being charged for these products  the proprietor can well-afford to use butter. 
Great food   I have been eating at Pierogies Plus since they opened. Great food al around  The Halupki and Halushki are awesome as wel as the Pierogies. 
Decent pierogies but not the best I ve had. I ve eaten    Pierogies Plus two times. Both times  I got the potato    cheese pierogies. They are good however they come in WAY to much butter/oil. They are probably soaked in at least  a half  a cup or more of butter/oil. When  I get them  I have to take them out of al the butter/oil b/c it would make me completely sick if  I ate them as is. Other than that the pierogies themselves are decent. \nHowever  they are pretty pricey. About  12 for  1 dozen. \nRecommend eating here if you re passing through or nearby but  I wouldn t go out of my way. 
Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini s Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Wil be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes..were huge  
Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of  a diner from the 1950 s  and half my grandmas kitchen.\n\nThe seating room is accommodation  the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.\n\nI had  a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage  potatoes  eggs  and peppers al on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents   I can put food away like  a champ and  I stil had leftovers.\n\nMy friend had  a succulent  buttery French Toast. Simple  but they nailed it.\n\nI would return. 
On  a random Sunday morning  I went in search of  a good breakfast spot.  I decided to explore the McKees Rocks neighborhood and came upon Marge s Place.  I hadn t heard much about this place  but after reading the few reviews  I could find   I decided to give it  a try. \n\nInside  it s bigger than  I expected but stil has that down home diner feel. My gues is that most of the people there were regulars. The wait staf was friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me  someone they had never seen before.  I picked  a table in the corner so  I could observe what  I imagine was  a typical Sunday morning.  I ordered the breakfast special:  2 scrambled eggs with bacon  potatoes and toast. Any place that has Mancini s Italian toast already gets thumbs up in my book. Being in McKees Rocks  though  they really don t have  a choice. The potatoes were thin sliced with onions and very flavorful. The only way  I can think of to describe the bacon is..porkier. Is that even  a word   I just don t know how else to descibe it. The combination of foods was served in generous portions at  a great price  under  5 . \n\nOne random note:  I liked the tables and chairs. They were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying  a cup of coffe with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating. Good distance between the table and chairs. That may sound silly  and  I thought so  too  at first. But when  I go to  a place and the booth is to wide or to narrow  it can hinder my enjoyment. \n\nNot only wil  I return  but  I wil also recommend Marge s Place to anyone in the area. It was  a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong. 
Great service  great food at  a reasonable price  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good. Our waitres was friendly  attentive and quick to refil drinks. Can t wait to go back  
Very quaint  Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work  and  I felt like  I was in  a diner in the 1950s. Had  a grilled cheese and fries  - the food was good and everyone was friendly. 
Great smal town breakfast spot Highly recommend George s Mixed Gril . Delicious 
 I have live around this area al my life and My family would go here and  I would always decline to go  that is until Saturday my brother asked me if  I wanted to go to breakfast and  I had to say yes  just posted on facebook that  I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me  Lets get to the review  I am glad  I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right.  I would definitely go here again. 
I m new to Pittsburgh so  I wanted to try out al the local spots first and let me tel you. This spot is definitely worth  a try  It s  a cute diner with  a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better   I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and  a coffee. Al of it was really good. I m not  a complainer but I m picky and honestly..I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  I highly recommend you stop by and give it  a try  You can thank me later. ;  
Great service  friendly staff  great food  great prices.   Wil definitely be back 
They do great quality work. The only reason  I did not give them five stars is for their lack of customer courtesy not once but twice.  I am  a very patient and understanding person  but being rude twice means you dont want my busines and  I tipped 20 . 
This place is amazing  Jim is  a great artist  Traveled al the way from Tampa just to get my tattoo   I would recommend this place to everyone  
Got my first tatto here in 1993 and my second  a couple weeks later. Al these \nYears later they stil look great. Haven t faded much and haven t\nHad em touched up. The shop is Professional and clean   I highly \nRecommend. Excellent quality work. 
ew 
It wasn t  a busy night at the neighborhood  but you could have been fooled by how long the food took. While it did take  a while everyone was extremely friendly. The food did come out hot  at least mine did  the rest of the plates were plate-warmer hot. Everyone in the table resented me for \"holding back\" the table since they staf pointed out they were waiting on my burger.\n\nWhich hey works as  a segway onto the burger. Quesadilla Burger.  I knew that was  a mistake but  I did it anyways. The patty was sorta flavorful. The toppings were in the bland category. Cheese went MIA. And the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.\n\nA big blah overall  which is sad  since we ve had  a grand ole time and good food in past visits. 
The  7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb   Nuf said. 
Called for an arrangement for pickup  told the person who took my order that  I would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm. She asked if  I could get there any earlier   I said  I would try my best  but  I work until 5pm  so maybe not. She said ok. \n\nComes to be 5pm and  I get  a cal from  a guy at the shop asking where  I was  The lady who took my order wrote down that I d be there at 5pm.  I explained that  I never said that and picked the arrangement up  a little before 5:30pm. \n\nArrangement was just OK.  I specifically wanted  a lot of orange flowers  which they did  but they added strange colors with the orange. and some of the flowers were already  a little wilted. \n\nEven though the location is convenient   I wil probably go elsewhere for  a flower order next time. 
 i had  a fantastic experience here.  I got to the shop just before they weer about to close  but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely.  I would make  a special trip just to purchase from this shop again. 
The order proces went wel and the delivery arrived in  a timely manner.  I saw  a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement wasn t even close to what was pictured on the website..a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement.  I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area.  I am disappointed because  I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through  a tough time. \n\nI wil not order from this place again. 
Ordered delivery when staying at the Sheraton Station Square. It wasn t super fast but wasn t unreasonable  45mins  and the pizza was so good that  I ended up eating way more than  I intended. Not to greesey with  a nice balance of cheese  sauce  dough  and toppings. 
They don t deliver to me anymore  moved to Lawrenceville. However  their pizza is good  not to greasy  not to dry. Nice balance with the sauce cheese and toppings. They have awesome house rolls  I m partial to the spinache and feta house rolls. They are SO delicious. Pretty cheap. The delivery time is kind of long  but they are open late  and  I love that. 
Meh. I ve ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that  I haven t had pizza from this place yet \n\nTheir steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about  but  a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.\n\nThe seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter  I couldn t quite eat it; I m wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps  a leftover burnt taste from the oven. Whatever it was  it was gross. The shrimp weren t that good either  suffering as they did from that certain \"I taste like iodine\" flavor.\n\nThe advantage to R B is that they re open reasonably late  given the location  but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if  I didn t live  a block away  normally I d just walk and pick it up  but just for you  Yelpers   I subject myself to the vagaries of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive . 
The pizza here is great.  I always pick up  a pizza when  i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza. 
This was the first place we tried after moving to Bellevue  and over  a year later  we stil order almost weekly. Their staf is really friendly  delivery always quick  or at least doesn t ever take longer than the estimated time given   and food is delicious. \n\nFive stars for the staf and the food  but four stars because  I wish they had better specials. 
 I stopped by here two nights ago as part of  a night where  I would try thre different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that  I would have  a 15 minute wait until it was ready. Since  I only had  a general idea of where it was located  I ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in  a smal strip mal right next to Lincoln Ave. There isn t to much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have  a counter up front with  a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating  not that this is  a bad thing.\n\nPizzas in general can be broken down into thre separate components: cheese  crust and sauce. This pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of al of the pizzas that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me. The cheese was not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had  a nice spice profile  strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano   coming through it. The crust on this pizza was the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and was cooked nicely which also had  a little crisp which  I loved. \n\nThe bottom line for me is that  I would head back to  R    B s again in the future for pizza. It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that  I bought last night at  12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes \"You get what you pay for\" and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza. 
My fianc\u00e9e and  I have made R B s our Friday night dinner tradition for over  a year. the food is consistently amazing  and portions are HUGE. Whether you choose to pick up or have it delivered  it s always les then 30 minutes  - and can we take  a second to acknowledge the staff  Always exceedingly friendly  and happy to accommodate any special requests. Sadly  we re moving out of the area in two weeks  so we won t be able to continue our tradition. But if you haven t given them  a try  do it   might  I suggest the Buffalo Chicken sub and the cheese and bacon fries  epic   
Get the white pizza with bacon. You re life wil never be the same. Never had  a bad experience ordering from R B s. 
Lots of memories from this place for me. Their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy does it take me back to the 80 s-90 s and growing up in Pittsburgh.\n\nI am slightly disappointed that they moved to  a new location in Bellevue. Their old one  while  a bit dirty and run down  had quite the charm to it. The new place looks to clean cut and it seems like they re trying to be something they re not  which is just  a good old fashioned pizza joint. 
Excellent pizza  - although the mushrooms were from  a can. But the crust    sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly 
 A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls  
Service was very good..calzone was excellent. 
Best pizza in the North Boros.  I can t make  a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi s. When  I was  a kid  the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza  but they ve since moved to  a new location under new ownership..but the pizza is stil just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust  but the Sicilian is also excellent. The fried zucchini is  a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great  too. The calzones are tasty  but may cause  a coronary- if you expect more than  a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone  you l be disappointed. Because it s Pittsburgh  the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out  but there is also  a mid-sized dining section. 
Best all-meat pizza in the area. Always done delivery  never eaten in the restaurant  so  I can t speak to the dining experience. 
 I have been eating at Luigi s since before birth  my mom loves this stuff . The new location is nice  but  I mis the cozines of the old place. \nThe food has been consistent through the transition  which happened  a long while ago by the way. Also   I have read  a few other reviews that said Luigi s has left but  I talk with him every time  I am in. Regardles this is  a great family owned pizzeria and  I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta : . 
 I stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up  a to go pizza. My fiance   a friend and  I were trying pizza from thre different places and Luigi s was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi s many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever  I was looking for  a pizza place  I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area. Whenever  I called to place my order  I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever  I walked into the restaurant. You se there was  a large dining room on the left that was ful of people and  I didn t immediately se the are where  I would get my pizza from. Finally after  a few steps into the restaurant  I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where  I needed to be and  I made my way back there. My pizza was ready for me and  I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me \"Stay out of trouble\".  I really hope that was  a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else. The pizza itself had  a medium thick crust with  a bland sauce which is weird since  I could se  a ton of green herbs in it. The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had  a slightly sour taste to it which  I did not enjoy. Out of the thre different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that  I wil probably not head back to Luigi s in the future.  I just don t se myself making  a trip to Luigi s between the weird experience  although not bad  that  I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby. 
Luigi s pizza is amazing  The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza.  I can t wait to go back  - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :  
Recently I ve found myself patronizing Bellevue  a little more  namely because I ve bought  a house in the area  and have been checking out some of the mom and pops along the little strip of Mayberry RFD that is the quaint main street. Luigi s is one of those little mom and pops that offers standard basic Italian in  a comfortable setting. It s  a little kitchy  red-white-and-green  with Dino and Frankie tunes playing in the background.\n\nI ve stopped in on several occasions now for dinner  with various friends  and the food has been consistent..it s good..satisfying. Not over-the-top gourmet  or even in the remotest sense  pretentious . It s just  a good ol  night out for some pasta or lasagna  with  a side salad  garlic bread and conversation with your pals.\n\nThe portions are ample  the prices are reasonable  the flavors won t knock your socks of and make you think you ve died and gone to Sicily  but they won t make you cringe at having given your money to  a profiteering Chef Boyarde either. The service is decent  kind of point blank  not rude  nor over the top friendly. \n\nThe crowd can fluctuate between  Oh my god  I m surrounded by Hillbillies  to  the local gathering at Mayberry   but that seems to be the norm for most places in da burgh.\n\nI ve not had the pizza  which apparently get raves  because frankly  I only think of pizza as coming in  a box to my front door when I m to lazy to do any cooking at home. But I ve had thre or four of the pasta dishes  and they come in  a generous portion  with  a side salad and an order of garlic toast. They taste fine  fil you up  and don t break your bank.\n\nAnd for  a local neighborhood joint  that s exactly what I d hope for.  A place you can go to find  a dependable and reasonable meal  on  a semi-regular basis  in  a comfortable setting  with no frills or pretense. \n\nAnd that is exactly what Luigi s is. 
Luigis is the best of the best. Awesome  authentic pepperoni.  I have eaten here for years. This place is  a tradition in my family and it s stil as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have  a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh. 
Just ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good.  I also would Recommend the specialty salad.  I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered. It was delivered within  a 1/2 an hour. 
My wife and  I LOVE this place. Decently affordable  our server is always great and very friendly  the food is delicious and it s  a nice home-y atmosphere. The first time we went here  we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free  Highly recommend. 
This place has great tasting food.  I had  a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch. 
 I stop by here frequently when  I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But  I wil say that  I have had more fre meals here due to them comping me for al messed up orders. \n\nThe staf is friendly. 
This is the McDonald s to end al McDonald s  in my book. Here s why:\n\n~ The Drive-Thru is crazy fast.\n~ There are  2 Drive-Thru lanes to keep it crazy fast.\n~ Even when they have to make my dog s special no-onion cheeseburger  they are crazy fast.\n~ For years  they gave my family s dog Jamie fre baby ice cream cones. Jamie didn t need many moments of excitement to be happy  but  go for ride  was one of them  and  ice cream time  was another.\n~ The drive-thru staf is so sweet to my little pup Lucy when  I take her to  cheeseburger window .\n\nSo   I gues what I m saying is  this is the best McDonald s for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald s to reward my dog for good behavior after  a vet visit  this McDonald s is just right. 
 I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald s. I m not sure what the problem is  but it is never  ever right. It is never quick. The staf is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year  I ve finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend. 
My orders have come out bad pretty much every time  I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I m lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw.  I recently posted  a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous.  I am done going to this Mcd s. 
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area. No matter if it s rice or noodles or chicken or pork  everything tastes off--like it s been overcooked in mop-bucket-water. Try House of Le instead. 
 I am SHOCKED to se this place isn t five stars. \n\nWe order delivery from here at least once  a week. Their lunch specials are GREAT  and the portions are always  always plentiful. I ve never waited more than 25 minutes  even though they always say 45.  I think it s respectful just in case they run behind. \n\nI wil say that if you are looking for  a truly authentic Chinese meal  this probably isn t your best option  although WAY more authentic than House of Lee. YUCK   Both my boyfriend and  I think it is plenty authentic for us  always delicious.  I have cravings for their eggrolls daily  he loves their wonton soup. It is the only kind of soup  I wil eat  it s that good. \n\nAnd we love the cute  little Chinese guy that usually delivers our food. My bf and  I always get the biggest smiles on our faces when we hear our apt buz with \" CHINA SEEAA  \" =  
Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights  Brighton Heights  - or anywhere in between  -  I urge you to try China Sea. It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery. The people on the phone are helpful and friendly. The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes  yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh. Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp  pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don t mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area. It is not Sesame In or China Palace; it is not  a \"date night out\" sort of place. It most definitely is  a cozy  inexpensive  good quality \"stay in and relax\" go to. Hope this helps  Enjoy \n\nps\nA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use al white meat chicken in their dishes.\npps\nAlways look at their online coupons  you wil get something free  
Wow.   
The pros:\nYou get  a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent  this would have been even better because. LEFTOVERS. \nThey have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. \n\n\nThe cons:\nThe woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you re wasting her time. \nMy pork dumplings were \"fried\" only on one side and were raw in the middle. \nEverything was pretty darn salty. Yeah   I get it. Chinese food tends to be  a little salty  but this was unacceptably salty. \nLeftovers. Yes this is also  a con because  I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough  \n\nIf you re craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet  you re not going to find it here. Just very greasy  very salty  poor excuse for Chinese takeout. 
We ordered from here because Uncle Chen  our go-to takeout place down the road  was closed. \n\nI ordered the General Tso tofu   a favorite dish of mine  and hubby ordered the beef Mei Fun noodles. We always grab some eg rolls too. The lady on the phone wasn t rude  per se  but she wasn t exactly helpful or answering any of my questions  either  hubby wanted to se about getting  a different sauce on his noodles  and  I had to ask  a few times before she finally answered my question about how large the tofu dish was .  I was in  a good mood though  so the attitude over the phone didn t bother me. Price was good  typical takeout rates. The good news is that they wil allow you to pay with credit cards over the phone  so if you re like me and never carry cash  you can stil get delivery. She told me 45 minutes for the food.\n\nThe food arrived in about 20 minutes  we live half  a mile away   it was hot and smelled great. Hubby s Mei Fun looked typical  but he was saddened to se that they didn t exchange the white sauce for brown sauce. The beef was pretty mushy  and didn t taste al that great. The veggies were fresh  and pretty crispy even after soaking in sauce. Noodles were alright  nothing to write home about. My General Tso tofu was delicious  and tasted exactly like the dish  I was craving. Fried to perfection  perfect-sized pieces of tofu  and  a fantastic sauce. The broccoli was fresh and tasted good. This particular dish only came in one size: Enormous.  I think hubby and  I just ended up sharing my meal  paired with some mediocre eg rolls.\n\nSo  long story short  lady on the phone was  a bit irritating  delivery was fast  food was fresh  and  depending on what you order  the food quality ranges from so-so to great. If you re looking for  a quick fix to your Chinese food craving  this is  a good place to order from  although I l be going back to Uncle Chen before  I try China Sea again. 
If you have any common sense at all  please don t stay here. Once  it almost burnt down..and I m pretty sure most of the locals were chanting \"burn  baby  burn.\" 
Horrifying. This place should be ashamed of itself. DO NOT STAY HERE. Beyond dirty  just absolutely rank. 
came back to Pittsburgh for  a wedding and couldn t find anything in my price range close to the city until  i found this motel..it was very affordable..room was okay..cable tv and a/c worked fine. 
OMG who wrote the review below   A big fat liar/someone that was paid to write that   I stayed there for an hour this past weekend  my friend and  I were both intoxicated and figured laying down  a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home . This place looks like it hasb t been cleaned  or furnished  since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls  and squashed  unwiped bug smears too. Ok  so not the best  but for two hours  we could deal. We looked for bed bugs  and didn t se any immediate signs of them- so we laid down to rest. After about 20-30 minutes  we both started itching like crazy.  I ran to the bathroom mirror  there was mold al over the bathroom  and saw bed bug bites al on my shoulders  arms  and legs. HORRIBLE  PLEASE Health Department  shut them down  It s deplorable in there  
 I can t even rate this place  Its absolutely disgusting   I begged the health department to shut them down   I was forced to stay  a night here and it was so disgusting   I woke up with bed bug bites al over my body  Just filthy  DO NOT STAY HERE  
 I was in need of  a pedicure before my beach vacation  so  I decided to stop in to Star Nails in Bellevue. I ve never had  a pedicure before  mostly because I m super-ticklish  but  I felt like it was about time.\n\nThe salon looks quite nice inside; wood  well  laminate  floors  clean decor  and four pedicure chairs up on the platform on the right.  I didn t have an appointment  and waited about ten minutes on  a Wednesday evening.\n\nNancy was my nail technician  and she greeted me warmly and helped me over into the pedicure area. Pro tip: Don t wear  a past-knee-length skirt  as it can make straddling the foot bath to get into the chair slightly awkward. Nancy helped me out like  a pro and  I was al set.\n\nThe pedicure chairs have  a massage feature that reminded me of the Migun massage tables. They don t just vibrate; they knead. The controller is right next to you  so you can stop and start as you like.  I just made sure the thing kept running the whole time. The foot bath was nice and warm. I d brought  a book to keep myself busy but turns out al my attention was occupied by relaxing.\n\nNancy guided me through the steps and the slight language barrier isn t much of  a problem. She completely understood that  I was super-ticklish from the flinching involved  and somehow managed to be very careful about it. It wasn t at al unpleasant  which is what I d kind of expected.\n\nThis is the awful TMI section  so avert your ayes if you are at al sensitive. Since I ve never had  a pedicure and  I tend to walk around either barefoot or in thin-soled shoes   I had quite  a lot of callus built up. The removal was kind of disgusting  so  I just didn t look  but it didn t hurt at all.  I also tend to ingrown toenails on both big toes  and she dealt with them gently and quickly.  I was  a bit concerned about having that done at  a salon  but it s  a week later and my toes haven t turned gangrene  so all s wel that ends well.\nEND TMI\n\nEven though it wasn t the spa pedicure  not sure what else THAT involves    I got  a ful foot and calf massage. Polish on and al done  At which point  I thought  I might as wel get  a manicure  too.\n\nThe manicure involved heated mitts and  a hand massage  and was very nice. Total cost was  37 plus tip  I gave her  10 for having to deal with my nasty feet .  I had some fun conversations with other patrons  and overal  a great experience. I d go back once  a day if it were in any way reasonable to do so  but this is getting placed on the once-a-month schedule for sure.\n\nThe polish from the pedicure is stil holding up like  a champ after  a week. The manicure was pretty wel shot after  a couple of days  so I l probably just stick with doing the polish at home  although  I can t complain about the massage and cuticle care.\n\nAgain   I don t have other salons or spas to compare with  but it seemed like  a good  basic service with  a few little extras. The staf were al friendly and remembered the repeat customers who came in. They do take credit cards  and you can put the tip on the card as well;  I brought cash for that as  I am not used to salons taking tips on cards.\n\nThey also offer acrylics  which  I don t do   gel nails  which I d like to try   and nail art. I m not sure if they do waxing.  I am sure that it s  a friendly place  that it s clean  important    and that they made me feel relaxed even though  I was beyond nervous going in. 
Fair prices but good quality. And amazing designs that are custom made. Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested. Offers waxing services. Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing. 
My Mom was up from Mississippi for Thanksgiving  and claimed to be in dire need of  a manicure.  I wanted to try somewhere in my new  hood  Brighton Heights   so  I turned to trusty Yelp for advice. Of to Star Nails we went. The inside was bright and tidy  the pedicure stations looked clean and newer  and the ladies were friendly. Unfortunately  the good feelings didn t last long. We each picked  a color  and went to our respective technicians. The technician doing my nails as very nice and talkative  but just very inattentive to detail.  I got no hand/arm massage  minimal shaping  and the polish application was exceptionally sloppy and thick. Her attempts to clean up the polish al over my cuticles were futile. Their actual technique was strange too  as both technicians had us dry our nails after the first coat was applied. My Mom and  I left and almost in unison declared it to be the worst manicure we ve gotten. At least the price wasn t exorbitant   13  + tip each . Perhaps their other services are better  but I l be giving the other nail shops in the area  a chance next time. 
 I got  a pedicure here. Not bad  they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides  which was weird anyway .  I hate to rate  a local shop down  but man my toes hurt. 
This is my favorite  event  restaurant  by which  I mean  spendy  but definitely worth it for special occasions . It is great for intimate birthdays  celebrations  etc. Whatever karmic intervention gave the  Bustling Borough of Bellevue  this restaurant makes me think we  as  a community  has done something right. \n\nBut more importantly the food. Oh  the food  The owner/chef takes so much care  it makes the whole experience very enjoyable.  I have never had  a bad meal. \n\nI 
My boyfriend and  i went here last night. the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing. There are photographs of the owners and chefs family on the walls. its cute. My boyfriend called ahead and told them  i was vegetarian and the chef prepared  a couple of things for me. There is no set menu and the waitres reads out what the chef has prepared for the night there are  5 courses. an appetizer  pasta  main course   a salad and and dessert.  I thought the salad after the entre was pretty interesting  . They are also very generous with the bread which  i LOVED  \nEvery meal was made to perfection. It had  a homey feeling ..\nMy boyfriend had some scallops that he is stil talking about. My entre was spaghetti squash with mushroom wild rice and berries and limed artichokes. There were so many flavors and al the ingredients were balanced. The service was great.\n Al in al it was an amazing experience. The chef came out to say hi at the end of the night.  i finished of my dinner with the creme brule and some coffee. Our bil came to  120 with tip and it was absolutely worth it .\nThis is  a great restaurant for  a super special occasions and it is very private.Not to dressy and not to casual.\n Pick out  a great bottle of wine or two and get ready to get your taste buds blown.\n Im pretty sure my boyfriend and  i wil be going back. 
Yes  \n\n\n\n\nGreat service \nGreat Food \nLove the BYOB    5 . 
STAY AWAY  the owners are so rude  they blatantly say they are not doing wel and then try to pretend they have the best hairdressers in Pittsburgh. they make you feel so unwelcome  advertise they offer  a bunch of services and then when you ask they snap at you that they only do hair. it was so awkward and weird  .  i received warnings not to get my hair done there so  i was going to get  a pedicure because  i had  a gift certificate. she told me her employees wil only take cash if they have to touch  a client s feet.  I may go there just to get bangs trimmed since  i do not want to completely waste the certificate  but this place gives me the creeps  sounds dirty  and has beyond bad customer service. They definitely do NOT know how to run  a busines and it is obvious why they are not doing well. Sue and Kristi pas the phone back and forth because noone wants to take  a call. she reiterates that the busines is doing bad and they need more clients.  i have never experienced  a ruder salon  or should  i say dead beat shack. 
 I think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients   I was al ready to be  a new client.  I had  a 12:30 appointment with them  and when  I arrived at 12:30 on the dot  the place was locked and dark and no one was there   I waited for five minutes  in the rain   and they stil didn t show.  I called and left  a voicemail saying that  I was stil willing to wait  and  I understood if there was some confusion  but could they cal my cel  I gave them the number  as  I had previously given my home number when  I made the appointment .  I waited nearby at  a coffe shop  went back after another five minutes  and it was stil locked and  I hadn t received  a call. And  I am definitely not estimating the time  either.  I was willing to wait  a bit  and  I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that  I wasn t jumping the gun on calling and then leaving. Finally   I went on with my day and when  I got home  they had left  a voicemail on my HOME PHONE  which  I had specifically asked them not to call  saying  \"Oh hi. Sorry you missed me  but  I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven t left  but you should just cal back to reschedule.  Seriously  When  I was waiting  another woman came to the door.  I thought she worked there  but she was just another client  also trying to get in  When  I told this story at another local business  the women there said that  I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn t believe it. This place is the worst  and  I have never even stepped inside  
Now I m picky about my hair  but Mane Attractions was so bad that  I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.\n\nI had desperately needed  a haircut and walked in for  a major trim and re-shaping of my layers. First  the girl at the counter said my hair might be \"difficult\" due to the length  it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time  and that  I would probably have to stand while it was cut. Weird  but okay. Second  no one there knew anything about donating to \"Locks of Love \" and  I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed  a cut so  I went for it anyway.\n\nI watched the two stylists while  I waited for my turn. One stylist told the client whose hair she was cutting that she was going to do something other than what they discussed because it \"wasn t looking right.\" Umm  okay. The other stylist was to busy checking her phone every thre seconds to notice she was yanking on her client s hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.\n\nAt that point   I just pretended like  I had received an urgent text and said  \"I have to leave  so sorry \"as  I bolted for the door. 
 I have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at Mane Attractions for over  5 years  by Sue  the owner.  I am always extremely happy with the way my hair looks. My hair is very fine and  I don t have  a whole lot of it  but Sue does wonders with it  especially with my latest cut.  I never wanted it shorter than shoulder length  but decided recently to make  a change. Because I m getting older  and other methods of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were to expensive  or didn t work   I wanted to try  a shorter cut. The cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker.  I have had several compliments on the cut  one from another hairstylist who worked at Regis. Sue is also reasonable  charging  80 for my cut and hi-lights.  I wil admit that  I had to wait outside the salon once when  I was the first customer of the day  but that was once in over  5 years.  I wil take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color  I get  
Let me just tel you   I have really  really difficult hair. type 3b Naturally curly  100  grey   I dye it dark and mes with the color myself.    never good  If you want to know where to get  a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since  I have been going to Mane Attractions  I have really LOVED my hair.  I have been going there for about  4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into  a short reverse bob without making me look like  i was wearing  a helmet.    you curly girls know what  I am talking about .  I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom  who is always honest  is impressed. The only complaint  I ever have is that yes  sometimes  I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week.  I just know to cal and schedule things. it is  a smal busines and  I get it. P.S. kids haircuts are only 10  and My daughter loves it. 
Krispy Creme  Grocery store cakes  Git ahta tahn. when it comes to donuts  pastries  and cakes they don t hold  a wisk to Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue  or most Western PA bakeries for that matter . Their cakes hit the top of my list  with Edy s downtown coming in second . The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth - not to sweet  - not to  lardy . By al means  feel fre to give them  a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.\n\nIn my experience  Pittsburgh natives don t seem to realize how good their sweet tooths have it here  til they move away. So  when  I travel westward for the holidays  I bring some Lincoln Bakery sweets along.\n\nI highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over wel  - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone \n\nI d suggest giving them  a few days to  a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.\n\n As  a side note: though  I rave about their donuts  pastries  and cakes. for cookies I d recommend Moi s Italian Bakery in Monroeville . 
The Lincoln Bakery did my wedding cake  - White cake  chocolate mousse filling  and buttercream icing. it was fabulous  We got so many compliments  not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great  
Quite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh. It s got everything from the low-end  cookies  cupcakes  donuts  to the high  wedding cakes  tortes  tarts . Make any special or large orders weeks in advance. The tastiest wedding cake  I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter. 
In one word  unbelievable. Their cakes are incredibly delicious. Despite the 20 minute trip from my house   I purchase al my cakes from here. The cakes are incredibly moist and the butter cream icing is just the right amount of sweet. My favorite cake is  a yellow cake with FUDGE icing  not chocolate but FUDGE   I ve also had the raspberry filling and would recommend that as well. They are incredibly creative with their decorating of the cakes including wedding cakes but if you want something specialized  nonstandard icing  etc  be sure to cal ahead and place your order in advance. Warning: Saturday mornings you wil surely encounter  a very  very long line whether picking up your order or just swinging by for some goodies. \n\nEven better than their cakes are their petit-fours  chocolate with chocolate icing or white with vanilla icing . I ve ordered them for bridal showers or just stopped by to pick one up for myself. They are the perfect size for one person  if you aren t on  a diet . They do sel out of these so place an order ahead of time if you want  a large order or stop by early in the morning to make sure you can get them. \n\nI ve gotten cookies from here and they were average.  I think this is the best bakery in the Burgh for cakes but not necessarily al other pastries and breads. \n\nThe only reason  I didn t rate the bakery  5 stars is their customer service which is borderline horrific. They are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter  they just want to get the order taken and move on to the next person in line. The cakes are good enough that  I put up with the service but be forewarned. 
 I love Lincoln Bakery so much. We just got  a birthday cake from here today  and everyone at the party loved it.  I seriously cannot believe how gorgeous it was. For fal cakes and cupcakes   I can t even imagine anyone making anything prettier  The icing is wonderful  although the colored icing is sort of bitter  but  I think that is the case anywhere . The white icing is just perfect and not to sweet. When  I told my neighbor that  I was coming here tonight to pick up the cake  she immediately asked me if  I had ever had the carrot cake. Yes   I have  and it is amazing  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl s.  I think the girls who work there are so nice and helpful. And  I love al of the homemade candy that they sell. It is just the sweetest local gem. Love Lincoln Bakery. 
Lincoln Bakery is yet another local bakery I ve been meaning to try. When  a Google Offer came up   I took it so  I would have no excuse to keep avoiding it. The place has  a nice neighborhood bakery feel; as  I took in the many selections it seemed that everyone who came in was  a regular. There weren t many people when  I was there  it was stil relatively early  but  I got the impression that at times there can be  a line to the door. \nOne thing that  I didn t like was although they had many pastries to choose from  nothing was labeled. So  I had to keep asking what things were. The cinnamon rol was okay  nothing spectacular. But the pastries  I got were very good. I d recommend checking it out.  I know if I m ever in the neighborhood  I wil stop in for  a treat myself. 
Lincoln Bakery is great. My family has been ordering cakes from here for years  and  I always request one for my birthday each year. We probably order about 10 cakes  a year from Lincoln Bakery  and often it s the same one: the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing. If you like chocolate cakes  try it  and  I bet you l like it. 
Cookies aren t bad. Haven t had  a reason to buy cakes or other pastries. Staf is friendly and it smells like heaven. 
My daughter CAN T pas by here without asking to get something. Al  I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth  
Lincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts  pastries  and desserts. Their bread selection  however  was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staf to explain what different options are. Still  this should be  a go to for  a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet. 
 I ordered  a cake for  a baptism.  I did  a search on the best tasting cake around Pittsburgh and after reading reviews  Lincoln bakery was the one we had to try.\n\nI called them  a week ahead  they told me the design they would do and after seeing some pictures on their Facebook page  I trusted it wil work out so  I went ahead and ordered it. \n\nIt was  a big hit  Some of my family members were getting seconds. \nThe cake wasn t to sweet and the icing not to \"buttery\".  I wil have to say that next time  I need  a cake  I wil order from this bakery  and maybe try some of the other things they carry in their store. 
Got  a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick  crust was not even crunchy or had taste  and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for  a day or 2. 
This is  a pretty decent Arby s  and given the condition of the other fast food restaurants on this stretch of Ohio River  it practically reaches exceptional. The dining room is clean and nicely modern. The service is friendly.  I don t think I ve ever had  a bad experience. 
Everytime  I eat at this location  I end up with  a sick stomach.  I don t have that problem at other Arby s. The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but  I always get  a sick stomach. Maybe they should relook at their food prep. 
Arby s is definitely king of the fast food joints on the Blvd. For that  I d give it five stars. However  it s stil fast food  which explains the mediocre rating. Do not go here without  a coupon from the Sunday paper--there s  a whole page of them at least once  a month. The staf here is very nice and very fast  and on the whole  the food is better than elsewhere by the river if you re stuck with  a fast food choice. 
Without question  this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region.  I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma  worth  85 if the antique mal is to be believed  and priced at  2.50. The 50 -of sales actually pay of here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staf is  a real cast of characters  don t mis the steelers tattoos  i m seriously serious  they are amazing . there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuf is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wal are often  a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means  a bigger  cleaner store and parking lot. \n\nI have spent  cumulatively  probably several weeks of my life in this store. This is  hands-down  without question  the thing  I mis most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe  outside of H M. 
So  I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca  and  I wil get to how  I left empty handed and in tears. First  I l walk you through my experience. \n This place is pretty large  and relatively clean  with  a nice parking lot. The racks are packed with clothes  - and  I mean  hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock  which can be  a pro or  a con depending on how you like it.  I found it  a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type  dres vs. blouse  there is NO size separation. In  a place this huge  it takes quite  a long time to find what you re looking for without the size separation. But  I m not one to abandon  a bargain because  I don t want to look around  after all  that is what its al about   so  I gave  a good 30 min-45 and got  a handful of garments to try on.  I would typically spend  a few hours  but  I was trying to spare  a friend not as keen on secondhand garments . With my carefully extracted finds  I searched in vain for  a fitting room  never to find one. After asking the staf where it was   I had to take  a seat and leave my jaw dropped for  a while because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM  \nI couldn t take this fact into my brain  and although there were some household items  I wanted to go back and buy   I was to upset to continue.  Sidenote: yes   I can understand how this can work for the RWB  but imho it is unforgivable  and  I wish there was at least some warning before spending my time searching for  a bargain when  I couldn t even se if it would fit . \n\nI would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes  or older electronics  or even beauty products. There was even  a used Nikon SLR with  a wide angle lens   20 though   \nBut if you plan on buying  a sundress  and don t plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties  you d better be confident in your purchase. RWB is just like any other thrift store  and you can t return or exchange your items  so you d be out of luck and out of money. 
Wo Hoo  Dead Lady.\n\nThis thrift store rocks.  I have been doing this for more years that  I haven t been  and it is the best in the city.\n\nI would make  a weekly trek to RWB  and would never be disappointed. These were the days when you could find  a vintage 50s something or other on the racks  before there was  a \"Vintage\" section. Still  recently  there is always  a treasure to be had  especially in the housewares department. The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch. Whenever we d have  a particularly good day  my frends and  I would joke..\"dead lady.\" 
 I came here al the time while  I was freelancing and in charge of my own schedule. It has  a lot of points going for it that other thrift shops consistently mes up.\n\n1. It s wel lit. You can SE the clothing  se whatever might be wrong with it  and make an honest assessment. You re never surprised when you leave at the state of the items you ve just bought.\n\n2. It is surprisingly clean. Nothing seems to smell  so  I can only imagine they ve laundered everything thoroughly. \n\n3. There are good quality brands--An Taylor  Kenneth Cole  etc. It s mainly items along these lines. You re more likely to find twinsets than clubbing tops here  which if you re over the age of 21 is  a good thing.\n\n4. Markdowns and fresh merchandise. These people *know* how to turn over their stock. Because the place is never empty  and there are specials every day  the stock flips rapidly. The merchandise is never the same week to week  so as  I mentioned before  it s addictive. You never know what you l find.\n\nA summary of  a few things I ve bought here:  a  6 dollar designer knit dress   a few silk twinsets   2- 5   countles heels  two pairs of Birkenstocks and two pairs of Doc Martens   4- 8    a dressmaker s bust   5    a pressure cooker   7 ..\n\nYou get the picture. The prices aren t rock bottom  but close enough  and the quality of the clothing wil help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cents extra.\n\nCan t recommend it enough  
My very favorite store in the world  Their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find things and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.\n\nI get 80  of my wardrobe from here  - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home 
Simply the best thrift store I ve ever been to. Wel worth the  3 1/2 hour drive from my hometown.\n\nFirst  and foremost  EVERYTHING IS 1/2 of al of the time \n\nSecondly  bring cash. They DO NOT accept credit cards.\n\nThe store is ful of wonderful pieces of clothing  al arranged by color and type  not by size  which is unfortunate .  I found  a wide selection of everything from casual pieces to high-end busines attire to super-trendy teen clothing. what surprised me most about this store was the QUALITY of the clothing. Almost al of the pieces were flawless   a few were worn or faded in some way and the price reflected that. Brand names were bountiful; Banana Republic  Ralph Lauren  Chico s  Jones New York  An Taylor  American Eagle  H M. There were also some wonderful vintage pieces from the 80s  bright colors and crazy shoulder pads that would have made  a more adventurous fashionista very happy indeed \n\nThe clothing smells wonderful  not musty or dirty as in some thrift stores  and there was even  a large selection of plus-sized clothing carefully culled out in  a special section.\n\nI went to Red White    Blue to find some busines attire for my new job  and came home with two gorgeous  flawles statement blazers from An Taylor Loft and Banana Republic. for  a total of  7 \n\nCome to this thrift store; it l make al other shopping obsolete  
 I cannot imagine  a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity. This is  a store that makes me thankful for Goodwil and The Salvation Army resale stores. The customers and the staf are miserable at Red White and Blue. The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops. Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable  and there are no fitting rooms  One purchases clothes at their own risk    Unlike other stores  there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted   a rare cash only business. To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50  of every day  how is that  a sale  It is bogus pricing. Red White and Blue  uggh  
Ever shopped at  a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels  some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for  5  This is  a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 of of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure  
First time  i really took  a moment to look for some stuff. It s always  a Hit or miss  al the other thrift store I ve visited later in my trip showed me that. Thrift store sure does drain  a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuf there was  a hellacious project but  I bought  a Steeler jersey for 2.50   some polos and  a cute outfit for  a friends baby. 20  before reduction and after 7.90   wohh  That felt good  
Love the store. Great stuff  High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA  extremely unpleasant  unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training..Someone please tel her to stop complaining about other customers or employees..Cashier that does window display is always kind  friendly and helpful. 
 I love  a deal  and this has been my favorite thrift store since  I was  a kid. \n\nFirst  there is some sort of half-of deal every day.\n\nSecond  the used book selection is pretty decent. Yeah  there are  a ton of self-help and Patterson mas markets that you have wade through  but T.C. Boyle for two bucks  Yes  please.\n\nThird  the home goods. I ve gotten huge solid wood picture frames for only  a couple dollars. The art prints inside were hideous..but  I threw those away  re-stained the frames to my liking  cut new mats  and inserting art quoted as  360 each to frame at  a big chain fabric store for under  30. Boom.\n\nFinally  there is  a decent selection of lamp to re-wire  always lot of furniture  some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion  and lots of other wacky stuf that s just fun to sift through.\n\nCASH ONLY and the cashiers are pretty rude/lazy  but that never bothers me.\n\nBONUS: They pick up your donations for fre from your porch. Super easy. 
Prices not great for true thrifters. Staf completely useless. No dressing rooms.  I simply have nothing to say about this place. 
 I love love LOVE this store.  I thought the one on Saw Mil Run was great but this was  i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were  a word.  I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders  DIning sets  paints  sculptures and so much more.  I found this smal desk lamp that has  a victorian look to it with the shade included for  4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It s such  a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape. \n\nSo the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find. The Store has certain days that offer you  50 certain color tags.  I went on  a Monday and it was half of yellow and white tags. Other days its half of blue  or green or red.  I love to go on Saturdays  This past week it was half of every tag except white.  I found so many items for such  a cheap price.  7 shirts for  3.50 and tunics for  4. Have you ever find items for  1   I have   I love when  I find  a great shirt or sweater for  3 or less. Or when you find  a brand new item with the tags on them for under  7.  I bought  a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans  in my size  for  5.  I couldn t believe it.  I was to excited.\n\nThe clothes are organized by color but not by size which is  a good and bad thing.  I like to shop by color since  I don t wear to many yellows or purples.  I can avoid those sections al together but when  I do find  a nice shirt in the color  I want the size becomes an issue. There were  a lot of nice shirt that were just to smal or to big. Even when  i have to pas on  a nice shirt  I tend to find one that s just as good at the same price. \n\nShopping here is  a gold find  My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and  i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift. If  I had known that It was nothing like the Good Wil  I would have been here  a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun  f me for going so often. What an amazing place this is  I l probably never shop retail again  \n\nREMINDER: CASH ONLY  \n-But they have an ATM   2.50 fe 
Rating this store is tough because  I want to give it  a 5..I really do.\nHuge selection of clothing  housewares  electronics and furniture  but NO FITTING ROOMS \n\nYes  you read that correctly. No fitting rooms. Are you kidding me     It doesn t completely overshadow the fact that they have great items  but when 95  of what you offer is clothing  you ve got to have  a few rooms for people to try stuf on \n\nThe clothing is organized by style and color  not by size  so be ready to dig. Same thing with the shoes.\n\nI asked  a staf member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirrors hanging side by side on the wall  directly in front of the kitchen section.  I was slightly confused for  a minute and then realized that was my only option.  I decided against even peeking at any pants or blouses and instead went for jackets and sweaters  I could easily try on over my shirt. \n\nNow  the mirrors are directly side-by-side  so if there are two people trying things on over their clothes  so weird   you re going to be right up on top of them. Not to mention you l be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.\n\nA lady  I was chatting with told me that she has seen women come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank tops and spandex tights  hey  those are somehow socially acceptable as pants in public now  anyway   so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing  stil weird .\n\nAs annoyed as  I was about the fitting room situation   I wil probably make  a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store.  I just might have to wear some spandex. 
 I can t believe I ve been here multiple times and haven t reviewed it yet.  I absolutely love this place. It s  a super thrift store if you will.\n\nNo matter when  I come here   I always find something. It quite the experience.  I always make sure it s  a day when  I am of of work because  I can literally spend hours here just looking. It s  a good thing that  I do this  you can t just show up here and think that you wil be able to gran an item and then leave. \n\nLike  a fellow reviewer said  there are not fitting rooms here  so be prepared to walk into someone trying on  a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle. Sometimes you just can t avoid this   I blame the fact that they have mirrors set up throughout stores.\n\nThey have everything you can seem to desire here. Clothing to electronics  furniture to bedding  books to movies. EVERYTHING is under this roof.\n\n*Cash only  ATM on premise. 
This thrift store is one of the best in Pittsburgh; it s huge and has  a great selection of books  clothes and housewares.\n\nWith that being said  there are  a number of drawbacks to shopping here because of its popularity. It starts with the parking. There are  a few spots in front of the store  with two \"overflow\" lots that quickly fil up. Getting out is  a bear if you re heading back towards the city  like  I usually am  because to pul up to the traffic light you have to go the wrong way through the very narrow parking area in front of the store. Crossing thre lanes on 51 without the help of  a traffic light just seems like  a bad plan.\n\nOnce inside the store  beware of other customers on the weekends. I ve encountered aggressive shoppers on multiple occasions who are usually welding carts as weapons. Let s just say some shoppers think it s OK to block of entire aisles so they can peruse  a section.\n\nOther notes: There are no fitting rooms.  I sometimes try on clothes over the ones I m wearing in front of  a mirror  because hey  it s  a thrift store.\n\nAlso  they re cash only.\n\nDespite these setbacks   I find myself coming back every few months because I ve found some really awesome things here  from dresses to plates. Just think of the trip as  a little adventure. 
nice and clean with wel organized large selection but was expensive.  I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were  14.9 of course somewere high quality items which  u would have to pay new retail store price  40-50 but stil overpriced.  I finally found  a smal blanket for  7 on sale. 
This is one of the true sleepers of \"neighborhood Pittsburgh.\" Since 1979  this \"diner/family restaurant\" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staf has been there as long.\n\nThey have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you re looking for  a cheap  low key  dependable place to go  come home at  8 o clock one evening  sit in the window  and especially around the holiday season   I assure you that it wil be one of the best \"old time\" meals you l ever have. \n\nI hate its name  but  I love the Rusty Nail. 
The home-cooked breakfasts at The Rusty Nail in Bellevue are wonderful  prices are reasonable  the wait staf are gems  and is often bragged about by Bellevue locals. That said  two stars is al  I can muster primarily due to the tiny  cramped dining area. I ve witnes people at thre tables being disrupted while they are eating so departing diners would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pas by others just to leave.\n\nDon t get me wrong   I adore that Pittsburgh is  a small  friendly city  but I m not fond of getting elbowed in the back as the guy behind me cuts his breakfast steak and eggs  nor knowing his guest gargled with Cool Mint Listerine this morning  or worse  didn t   . Yes  the tables are packed THAT close together. And whatever you do  don t dare bring  a large friend here to dine when it s busy unles you enjoy feeling like  a complete  jag off  for doing so on the way out. 




